I am feeling hungry so I would like to find a place to eat.
Do you have a specific which you want the eating place to be located at?
I would like for it to be in San Jose.
Is there a specific cuisine type you enjoy, such as Mexican, Italian or something else?
I usually like eating the American type of food.
I see that at 71 Saint Peter there is a good restaurant which is in San Jose.
Can you give me the address of this restaurant.
If you want to go to this restaurant you can find it at 71 North San Pedro Street.
Can you give me the phone number that I can contact them with?
If you want to phone them you can at 408-971-8523.
Is there some other restaurant which you can suggest?
How would you like Bazille restaurant which is situated in San Jose.
Do you have another restaurant matching my needs? For example a restaurant which is economical and is located in Palo Alto.
I see that 7 restaurants suit to what you requested. Bird Dog seems as a good restaurant and is located in Palo Alto.
Alright, that seems good. I would like to make a booking at this restaurant.
For which time do you want the booking to be?
I will be eating there at 11:30 am so make it for then.
Can you please confirm that you want to book a table for 2 at 11:30 am at the Bird Dog restaurant in Palo Alto for today.
That suits me well. Can you tell me if they feature live music?
Your booking has been made without errors, but unfortunately they do not have live music.
Will I be able to find liquor there? Can you give me the address of their location?
The restaurant is located at 420 Ramona Street. Unfortunately they do not serve alcohol at the restaurant.
I appreciate it very much. That would be all.
Have a good time!
Hi i need a help, i am very hungry, I am looking for a restaurant
Sure, I will help you, What type of food are you looking for? Which city should i search in?
Some Punjabi kind of foods in milpitas
I found a good restaurant in Milpitas, The restaurant name is Anjappar Chettinad Restaurant
Ok, What is the address? How pricey are they?
Price range is moderate, The address is Milpitas Square
Ok, Find me another restaurant?
I found another restaurant for you, Aria Dining & Banquets Fine Indian Cuisine Restaurant at Milpitas
No, suggest me another Restaurant, Some Take-out type of food will be perfect
I found 2 Restaurants, Olive garden Italian Restaurant at Milpitas
Yes, it seems good for me
shall i reserve a table here for you?
Yes, I want it on the 11th
please tell me what time is the reservation for?
at afternoon 1:30
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table at Olive Garden Italian Restaurant at Milpitas on March 11th reservation time is 1:30 pm, The reservation is for 2 people
No, time change to twelve in the afternoon for one people
Please confirm the following details: the reservation time is 12 pm, The reservation is for 1 people
Yes
Congrats, your reservation is confirmed
What is the Restaurant address, Do they have live music, I love it
Sorry, They don't have live music, The restaurant address is 1350 Great Mall Drive
Thank you very much for your help
Shall i help you with anything else?
No, Thanks
You are welcome, have a great day
Help me find a good restaurant.
In which city are you looking for the restaurant and do you have any preferred cuisine?
Find me Ethiopian cuisine in Berkeley.
Of the 4 Ethiopian restaurants in Berkeley, Addis Restaurant is a good one.
Do they have live music?
I'm sorry. They do not have live music.
That's okay. I'd like to reserve a table for the 4th.
At what time will you be arriving at the restaurant?
Reserve the table for the 2nd of this month at 17:15.
Please confirm that you want to reserve a table for 2 at the Addis Restaurant in Berkeley for tomorrow at 5:15 pm.
That's right. Do they serve alcohol? And how expensive is the place?
Sorry the reservation was not successful. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can you check if a table is available at 17:30?
Okay.Please confirm that you want to reserve a table for 2 at the Addis Restaurant in Berkeley for tomorrow at 5:30 pm.
That's correct.
Your table has been reserved.
Thank you. That's all I need for now.
Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to eat.
Which city should I search in? What kind of food are you looking for?
Some Freshwater fish kind of food in Palo Alto would be perfect.
I found 4 restaurants. Odori Japanese Cuisine is a nice restaurant in Palo Alto.
Could you suggest any other restaurant?
P.f. Chang's is another nice restaurant in Palo Alto.
Yes, that works for me.
Would you like to reserve a table here?
Yes, I want to make a reservation for one. Make it at half past 6 in the evening.
Please confirm: Booking a table for 1 at P.f. Chang's at 6:30 pm today in Palo Alto.
Yes, that works for me. How pricey are they? What is their contact number?
Your reservation is successful. Their price range is moderate and their phone number is 650-330-1782.
Thank you very much.
Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you very much.
Have a good day.
I'd like to find a place to eat.
Where should I look? What kind of food are you in the mood for? You can say things like Mexican, Italian or any other kind of food.
Lobster sounds great. Please search in San Mateo.
I have found 9 restaurants. Andes Cafe San Mateo is a great restaurant in San Mateo.
What's their phone number?
Their number is 650-581-1305.
Any other suggestions?
Fuji Sukiyaki is another great choice in San Mateo.
Do they have live music?
They do not.
Any other suggestions?
Golden Wok would be a great choice in San Mateo.
That would work great. I would like to make a reservation there at evening 5:30 on March 14th.
Please confirm the following: You want to eat at Golden Wok in San Mateo on March 14th starting at 5:30 pm. The reservation would be for 2 people.
Yes, that would be great. Do they serve liquor or have live music?
Your reservation was successful. They do not play live music or serve alcohol.
Thanks so much!
Is there anything else today?
Nope, that'll be all. Thanks!
Have a great day!
I'm looking for a Filipino place to eat.
Which City are you looking at?
I want to eat in San Bruno
I have 3 restaurants, Cabalen is a nice one in San Bruno.
Any other suggestions?
What about Isla Restaurant in San Bruno?
How cheap is it and how much does it cost?
It is moderate pricing and they are at 448 San Mateo Avenue
Please can you make the reservation
What time for?
On the 12th at six pm
Please confirm: Booking a table for 2 at Isla Restaurant in San Bruno. It is on March 12th at 6 pm.
That's good. Do they serve liquor and what is there number?
Reservation made.The number is 650-588-6078 and they do serve alcohol.
Thanks a lot
Have a great day.
Can you help find a place to eat?
What kind of food like Indian or Chinese?
I would like Freshwater fish.
Do you have a city?
The city is San Jose.
I have one in San Jose called Ariake.
Yes that is fine.
Would you like a reservation?
Yes make it for March 10th.
What time would you like?
Reserve for six in the evening.
Please confirm Ariake in San Jose for 6 pm on March 10th for 2.
Yes what is the address and do they have live music?
The address is 1008 Blossom Hill Road and they do not have live music but your reservation is confirmed.
Thank you for all.
Is there anything else I can do?
No, that is all.
Thanks and have a good day.
My friend and I are looking for a place to eat.
Please tell me what type of food you are looking for just say Mexican, Chinese or anything else. Also what city would you like me to search int.
My family and I are in San Jose and the perfect place would have pizza and pasta. We don't have a price preference.
San Jose has a restaurant called Al Castello Ristorante that is nice.
Is there any other restaurant that you can suggest?
There is also a nice restaurant called Angelo's Italian Restaurant in San Jose.
Can I please have the address and contact number?
408-227-5502 is their phone and it is located at 436 Blossom Hill Road.
Is there any other restaurant that you can suggest?
There is another nice restaurant called Antonella's Ristorante in San Jose.
That restaurant will work can you please make a reservation for 12:30.
I will be booking a table at Antonella's Ristorante in San Jose. The reservation will be set at 12:30 pm for today. And it is for 2 people is this correct.
Yes, thank you that is correct.
I have successful made your reservation.
Thank you so much for setting that up.
Is there anything else that I can help you with.
That is all thank you so much.
Have a good day thank you.
Can you find me something economical to eat in Pleasanton.
Are you looking for Italian, Indian or something else?
I would like some Italian food.
Found 5 restaurants for you out of which De La Torre's Trattoria seems a great from Pleasanton.
Can you provide the address and do they have live music?
No, they do not have live music and its address is 6025 West Las Positas Boulevard.
Any other recommendation?
Forno Vecchio also seems nice and its located n Pleasanton as well.
Can you provide more options?
Another good restaurant in Pleasanton in Gay 90's Pizza Co.
That sounds like a good choice for me.
Is there anything else?
Yes, make a reservation at the restaurant.
What time do you want me to make the reservation?
I'll reach there at 1:30 pm.
Please confirm that you want to make a reservation at Gay 90's Pizza Co. which is located in Pleasanton for 2 people. The reservation is for today at 1:30 pm.
No, change the time to 7 pm and for one person only.
Alright, please confirm that the reservation is at 7 pm for 1 person.
No, change it on next friday.
Sure. Please confirm that the date is now next Friday and for 1 person.
Yes. Sounds good.
Your reservation is booked.
What is the address of the restaurant and do the have live music?
The address is 288 Main Street and No, they don't have live music either.
Alright, Thank you.
Have a great day.
I am looking to eat somewhere
What city would you like to go? Do you want American or Italian?
I want some breakfast in Fairfield
I recommend Mimi's cafe in fairfield
Do they have live music with liquor
They do not have live music but they do have alcohol
ok that works
Do you want me to reserve a table for you
Yes, please make reservation for one people this evening 4:45
Please confirm your booking at mimi's cafe in Fairfield for 1 people today at 4:45 pm
thats correct. What is their phone number what how expensive are they
Sorry, they are fully booked. Shall i try to make reservation for 1 people today at 5 pm? The price range is Moderate at mimi's cafe and their phone number is 707-421-0835
yes thats fine
your seat is booked
thanks
anything else i can help you with?
no thats it
have a nice day
I'm starving! Can you help me find a restaurant that serves Breakfast in Fairfield?
There is 1 restaurant that meets your needs. Mimi's Cafe in Fairfield serves breakfast.
Is there a band playing there?
No, unfortunately, they don't offer live music.
That's okay. It will work anyway.
Do you wish to make a reservation?
Yes, I'll need to make a reservation for a table for 2.
What time will you be visiting?
Please make it for half past 5 in the evening.
You'd like a table for 2 today at Mimi's Cafe in Fairfield at 5:30 pm. Is this correct?
I'm sorry, I need to change that. I'd like it on the 9th and it will be for 3 people.
Let's review those changes. You'd like the reservation on March 9th for 3. Have I got it right?
I'm sorry. I need to make it on Monday next week at half past 12 in the afternoon.
You'd like your reservation for 3 next Monday at 12:30 pm. Is that correct?
Yes, I'm sorry for the confusion. Can you tell me their phone number please?
The phone number is 707-421-0835. Your reservation is confirmed.
Great! Thank you so much for your help.
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
Can you help me find a place to eat at?
Which city are you looking in?
Cupertino, please.
What kind of food would you like? American, Indian, or something else?
Malaysian sounds good right now.
I've found 2 Malaysian restaurants in Cupertino. Merlion Restaurant & Bar is one.
What's the other one?
Rasa Sayang is also is Cupertino.
Does the restaurant have live music?
No, they do now.
Sounds fine to me. Can you help me make a reservation?
At what time?
A quarter past 5 in the evening, please.
So you'd like a reservation for 2 at 5:15 pm today, at Rasa Sayang in Cupertino?
No, I'd like it on March 13th.
So you'd like a reservation at 5:15 pm on March 13th?
No, I'd like it at half past 12 in the afternoon.
So you'd like a reservation at 12:30 pm on March 13th?
Yes, sounds good.
Your reservation is confirmed.
Does the restaurant serve alcohol?
No, the restaurant does not serve alcohol.
Thank you, that's all I need.
Have a nice day.
Hello, could you help me search for a place to dine in?
Sure thing, which area are you interested in and what is your preferred cuisine, such as Italian and Indian?
I would prefer a restaurant which serves up Cambodian food in SF.
I have managed to find a nice restaurant called Anh Hong which is located in San Francisco.
Are there any alternative restaurants?
Yes there is, Aux Delices is also a nice restaurant located in San Francisco.
Sure, that sounds great!
Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please do so.
What time would you like dine in at the restaurant?
I would prefer to dine in at 19:15.
Please confirm your reservation for 2 people at Aux Delices in San Francisco at 7:15 pm today.
Sorry, could you change the booking to 18:30 for 3 people?
Sure, please confirm your reservation at 6:30 pm for 3 people.
That's fine for me. May I know where they are located at?
They are located at 2327 Polk Street. Unfortunately, I was unable to make the reservation for you. Would you prefer a reservation at Aux Delices today for 3 people at 7 pm instead?
No, thank you anyway.
No problem, have a great day ahead!
I have a plan to eat out side for which I need some best places, can you search one for me?
Do you have any interested type of food to eat and in which city?
Asian kind of food will be good for me and please search it in Fremont City.
Found 3 results, Asian pearl Seafood Restaurant is the best one in Fremont city, hope you like it.
Yes, I like the same.
Shall I make a reservation at this restaurant?
Yes, make it at half past 1 in the afternoon that will be the perfect time to eat.
Please confirm to book a table for 2 persons in Asian Pearl Seafood REstaurant in Fremont at 1:30 pm on today.
change it to March 10th.
Please confirm to book for 2 persons on March 10th.
Yes, confirmed. continue with reservation.
Your booking was confirmed.
Thanks for your help.
Any other help you need?
No, thanks. that's all.
Have a great day.
I want to find a restaurant in Albany.
What type of restaurant would you like
Barbecue is the best.
I have 2 options. Cafe Eugene in Albany is a good choice.
What is the other option?
Juanita & Maude in Albany is great.
Yes that sounds good.
Would you like a table?
Yes please reserve me a table for the 13th of March.
What time would you like?
5 o\"clock in the evening please.
Making a dinner reservation for 2 people at Juanita & Maude on March 13th at 5 pm in Albany. Is that Correct?
Yes is great.
Your reservation is successful.
Thanks for your help.
Is there anything else?
No that will be all.
Have a great day.
Can you pull up a list of places to eat?
Sure, what city should I search? And what kind of food would you like?
Search San Francisco for Asian Fusion food
Sure, I found 8 Immortals Restaurant in San Francisco
Is there live music?
Unfortunately no.
Do they serve alcohol? And what's their phone number?
No alcohol. The phone number is 415-731-5515
Okay great. Please make a reservation for a party of six.
Sure, what time?
half past 5 in the evening please.
Okay, got it. I will book a table at 8 Immortals Restaurant in San Francisco for 5:30 pm today, for 6 people.
That's correct. What's the address?
Apologies, I was unable to make this reservation. Can i help with with anything else?
I want a reservation at this restaurant. Can you make it for twelve pm? For four people.
Certainly, please confirm: Reservation at 8 Immortals Restaurant in San Francisco is for 12 pm today for 4 people.
Yes, thank you. How's the pricing? Low priced?
Great, reservation complete. The prices are inexpensive.
Thank you, that is all.
Have a great day
I'm looking for a good place to get something to eat, can you help?
Sure. What kind of food do you want? You can ask for Mexican, American, Sushi, or anything else. And also, what city should I search in?
Oh, I'm in Oakland. Please find an American restaurant.
I'd recommend Chop Bar in Oakland.
Are their prices extravagant? How can I contact them.
No, their prices are moderate. Their phone number is 510-834-2467.
Okay, that sounds good. Can you reserve a table for me?
What time would you like it?
Please reserve it for six pm.
Sure, please confirm that you'd like to book a table for 2 at Chop Bar in Oakland from 6 pm today.
Yes that's perfect. What's their address? Do they have a live band?
Your table is booked. You can find them at 247 4th Street. Unfortunately they don't do live music.
Okay thanks. That'll be all.
Okay, have a good night.
I'm looking for somewhere to eat.
Where should I search?
In Oakland.
What type of cuisine? For example, Chinese, American, or something else?
I want pizza and pasta.
I found 8 places. A16 is a nice restaurant in Oakland.
Do they have liquor?
Yes, they do.
Okay, that works for me.
Would you like to reserve a table there?
Yes, for two people please.
What time?
I want it at half past 5 in the evening.
Just to confirm, you want a table today at A16 in Oakland for 2 people at 5:30 pm?
Yes.
It was successful.
Thanks.
Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's okay.
Have a good day.
I'm looking for a restaurant.
In what city are you located and what type of food.
Asian Fusion in Concord.
Ozora Sushi is a restaurant in Concord.
Yes, that is good.
Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes, any date works.
What time would you like?
5 o\"clock in the evening.
Ozora Sushi in Concord today for 2 people at 5 pm.
Yes, that is good.
Your reservation has been made.
What is the address and is there music?
It's at 785 Oak Grove Road and no music.
Thank you for your assistance.
Can I help with anything else?
No, that is all thank you.
Have a good day.
Are there any Mexican places in Rohnert Park?
Chili's Grill & Bar is in Rohnert Park.
Is it an inexpensive restaurant?
It is a moderate priced place.
What's their phone number?
It is 707-585-9069.
Are there any other restaurants? Something like Ramen would be good. I want something that is not very costly.
1 restaurant named Kyoto fits that description. It's in Rohnert Park as well.
That would be great!
Is there anything else I can do?
Make a reservation this morning 11:15 for three people.
Just to confirm: I am booking a table for 3 today at 11:15 am at the Rohnert Park location of Kyoto.
That's correct. What's their address?
Your reservation has been made. They are located at 5 Padre Parkway.
Is their music live?
No.
Okay. That was all I needed.
Have a great day.
I'm getting pretty hungry and need to find a place to eat.
What are your preference for a dining location?
I would like something that I can pick-up in San Fran at any price range.
There is a restaurant called Golden Gate Indian Cuisine & Pizza that is located in San Francisco.
Do they have music or entertainment? Can I have their phone number?
Sorry, they do not have live music. Their phone number is 415-564-5514.
I am on a budget so I would like something that is inexpensive but serves alcohol. Can you suggest another restaurant with these qualities?
I was able to locate 1 other nice restaurant called Hunan Empire Restaurant located in San Francisco.
Yes, that sounds like what I'm looking for.
Would you like for me to reserve a table here for you?
Yes, can you make the reservation for two people?
Sure, what time would you like me to set the reservation for?
Please make the reservation for the 13th of this month at afternoon 12.
Great, I have a dining reservation for 2 people, located at the Hunan Empire Restaurant in San Francisco, on March 13th at 12 pm. Does that sound correct?
Yes that sounds great. What is the address of the restaurant?
I've successfully made your reservation. The address for the restaurant is 2001 Union Street.
Thank you for all your help.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that was all I needed but thank you.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you help me find a restaurant?
Yes, which city shall I search?
I prefer Redwood City.
Do you have a preference regarding the type of food?
I would like Spanish food, economical pricing preferred.
Redwood City has 1 Spanish restaurant, Estampas Peruanas Restaurant.
That sounds good.
Shall i reserve a table?
Yes please make a reservation for four.
What time would suit you best?
Early evening 5:45 pm.
Please confirm: You would like to book a table, today at 5:45 pm, for 4 at Estampas Peruanas restaurant in redwood City?
Yes that is correct. Do you have their phone number?
Reservation has been placed successfully. Their contact number is 650-368-9340.
Thank you. That is all for now.
Have a lovely day.
I am looking for a place to eat. Can you find restaurants specializing in Singaporean cuisine near me?
Okay, where would you like to eat?
I am looking for restaurants located in Millbrae.
I found 1 result, Ipoh Garden Malaysian Cuisine located in Millbrae.
Great, thanks. What is their phone number? Do they serve alcohol?
No, alcohol is not served. Here's their phone number: 650-487-8737
Okay, sounds good.
Do you want to make a reservation?
Sure, that would be great.
Okay. What time should I make your reservation?
Eleven in the morning, please.
Okay. I have an 11 AM reservation for 2 people today, at Ipoh Garden Malaysian Cuisine in Millbrae. Is that correct?
Yes- that's perfect.
Okay! Your reservation is confirmed.
Wonderful. Thanks for your help.
My pleasure. Have a great day.
Can you help me find an afforadable place to eat?
What city do you want me to look in?
Please look for a place in Calistoga.
Is there any particular type of food you want, like Chinese, Mexican, or anything else?
I'm in the mood for Cambodian food.
There's a nice place called Calistoga Thai Kitchen in Calistoga.
Do you have any other suggestions? Actually, I think I'd prefer Barbecue.
I've found 1 restaurant that could work. It's Lovina in Calistoga.
Yeah, that does work for me.
Do you want me to reserve you a table?
Yeah, please make me a reservation.
What time would you like it to be?
It should be half past 12 in the afternoon. Oh, and make it for two.
Okay, so it's a reservation at Lovina in Calistoga at 12:30 pm today for 2 people?
Wait no, it's just 1 person.
Okay, so it's 1 person at 12:30 pm?
Yeah, also do they have live music and liquor there?
There is no live music or liquor, sorry. But I've made the reservation for you.
Okay, thanks. I don't need any more help.
Then you have a good day, take care.
I will be going to eat with a friend what expensive restaurants do you recommend?
What type of cuisine do you want? Mexican, Chinese or which one?
I want something with Fish but make it an average priced restaurant.
In what city do you want to look for?
I want to eat in Burlingame.
There are 2 possible restaurants. One of them is Grand Harbor located in Burlingame.
That sounds great. Please make a reservation.
At what time do you want to go?
At quarter to 1 in the afternoon.
Please confirm: Booking a table for 2 people at 12:45 pm for today at the Grand Harbor in Burlingame.
Yes, that is correct. Do you have the phone number?
The restaurant has been booked. Their phone number is 650-347-9988.
Thanks a lot, that would be all.
Have a great day.
I am tired of eating my cooking. I want to eat out tonight.
What type of cuisine would you like?
I am in the mood for Izakaya cuisine.
Which city would you like me to look in?
I want something in Rohnert Park
There is a lovely restaurant in Rohnert Park called Hana
That does not seems close by. Where is it located?
It is located on 101 Golf Course Drive.
Is there anything else? I want to go somewhere close to Pleasant Hill.
There are 2 options available in Pleasant Hill. I would like to recommend Matsu Sushi Japanese Restaurant.
Where is it located?
It is located on 1914 contra costa boulevard
It is closer and would work out perfectly for me.
Should I go ahead and reserve a table?
Yes, reserve it for me.
For what time?
8 in the night, for 1 person
I would like to confirm the following information: reservations for 1 for 8 pm today at the Matsu Sushi Japanese Restaurant at Pleasant Hill.
Great. Is there live music? Is it a costly restaurant?
I apologies, but I was not able to reserve a table for you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Try again to book a table for 2
I would like to confirm the following information: a table for 2 today at 8 pm at the Matsu Sushi Japanese Restaurant in Pleasant Hill.
I would like a table for 11:45 in the morning.
I would like to confirm the following information: reservations for 2 at 11:45 am
That would be great.
I apologies but I was not able to make the reservation. Should I try for 12 pm today for 2 persons at Matsu Sushi Japanese Restaurant?
That would be great.
I was able to make the reservation.
I appreciate your assistance.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, you have be most helpful.
Enjoy your day.
I am looking for an inexpensive place to eat that has live music.
Which city would you like to search? And what type of food would you prefer such as Mexican, Italian or something else?
I'd like some soup, and I'm looking in San Ramon.
Noodles And Company is a nice resturant in San Ramon.
What is their address and contact number?
Their phone number is 925-275-8105, and their address is 3141 Crow Canyon Place.
Yes, that would work.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please make the reservation for 7:30 pm.
I have booked a table at Noodles And Company in San Ramon at 7:30 pm today for 2 people. Is that correct?
Yes, that's great. Do they serve liquor?
Your reservation is booked. No, they do not serve alcohol.
Thank you, that is all I need.
Have a great day!
Can you help me find somewhere to eat?
Sure, what kind of food are you in the mood for, and in which city?
Search in Cupertino for Dumplings.
Cupertino has a dumpling restaurant called A Plus Cafe.
Is it expensive, and do they serve alcohol?
It's inexpensive, and yes, they serve alcohol.
Can you look for another place to eat in Santa Clara?
There's a nice place in Santa Clara called Chef Ming's.
Can you suggest something in the moderate price range?
How about China Stix in Santa Clara?
Great, can you make a reservation on the 7th of this month?
Yes, what time should I make it?
How about 7:30 pm.
Can you confirm the details for me? You're booking a table for 2 next Thursday at 7:30 pm at China Stix in Santa Clara.
Yes, that's right. Do they serve alcohol?
Your reservation has been confirmed. They don't serve alcohol.
Great, thanks, that's all I need.
Have a great day.
Hey! Today feeling so tired... Wish to have some food outside in a good restaurant... Can you find me one?
Yup! What kind of food do you like to have - Chinese, American, Italian etc? Which city you would prefer to have your lunch?
I would love to taste some Seafood in San Mateo. Please find some good hotels.
Please give me a moment. There are 9 restaurants with good rating and the top among them is Andes Cafe San Mateo located in San Mateo. Would you prefer to have your lunch here?
How much they charge? Can I have their street address?
They are located at 2317 South El Camino Real and their price range is neither costlier nor cheap, but only moderate.
Yup, that works. Please can you reserve at this restaurant?
Sure! At what time you wish to make your reservation?
Probably at quarter past 1 in the afternoon.
Okay! Confirm me the details that you wish to book a table at Andes Cafe San Mateo in San Mateo at 1:15 pm by today and the reservation would be for 2 persons, right?
Yup! sounds good. I've a question... Did liquor is provided at this restaurant?
Nope, they don't serve alcohol. You are all set. Successfully done with your reservation.
Thanks for your time.
Do you wish to know any other information?
Nope, thanks a lot.
Have a fantastic day.
I'm looking for somewhere in Dublin to have a meal and a drink.
What kind of food do you want to eat?
I feel like a burger.
I found 2 restaurants. One is the Black Angus Steakhouse in Dublin.
Do you have anything else?
Hot Crab is also located in Dublin.
Do they have live music? What's the price range?
The price range is moderate, there are no live music options.
Oh okay. Yeah sure that's fine.
Is there anything else?
I'd like to make a reservation.
Sure, what time?
5 pm please. There's 3 people in the group.
Okay. Please confirm that you'd like a booking for 3 at Hot Crab in Dublin today at 5 pm.
Yeah that works fine. What's their address and phone number?
You can call them on 925-999-9580 and their address is 4288 Dublin Boulevard #101-102. Your reservation has successfully been completed.
Thanks a lot!
Do you need anything else?
No thanks, that's all.
Okay, enjoy your meal.
I am bored of eating food from home , i need a change . Will you find me a place to eat? It can be costly priced and i am very fond of it
Which type of food you need whether Indian, Chinese or Anything other variety and In which city i should look for?
I need Pizza kind of food and i wish to eat in city Napa.
I found 1 Restaurant named as Bistro Don Giovanni which is located in Napa
Will you specify restaurant address and whether they have live music ?
Please note the address ,it is 4110 Howard Lane and they don't have Live music.
Ok its fine , i prefer the same.
Whether i need to reserve a table for you?
Yes sure, Please make a reservation and number of people is 2
At what time reservation to be?
Please fix it at 11:30 am
ok here are the details please check or review it . Table booked at Bistro Don Giovanni which is in city Napa. Reservation time is 11:30 am for 2 people and the date is today.
sorry make the reservation time as Morning 11:45
ok, please once again check the details. Reservation time for the table is at 11:45 am and for 2 people.
ok its great and sounds good .Please inform me the contact number of that restaurant?
Phone number is 707-224-3300 and your reservation is confirmed.
Whether they serve liquor?
sorry they do not serve alcohol .
ok thanks a lot for your kind help
Take care have a great day.
I'm starting to get hungry. I want to go eat at a nice restaurant.
Sure. What city would you like to eat in?
Milpitas.
Do you have a particular type of food you are craving? Mexican? American? Something else?
I feel like Cambodian tonight.
There is a Cambodian restaurant in Milpitas called Anh Hong.
That's exactly what I'm looking for.
Do you want me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, I'd like to try this place out.
Okay. At what time would you like to eat there?
6:30 pm. Please make the reservation for four people.
Sure. A reservation at Anh Hong in Milpitas for 4 at 6:30 pm today. Is that correct?
Perfect. What are the prices at Anh Hong like?
They have moderate pricing. Your reservation has been made.
Thanks. You've been a big help.
Have a nice day.
I'm planning on going out to eat later on. Can you help me find a place to eat at?
What sort of food do you want to eat and which city should I look in?
I'd like to go to a restaurant in Martinez that serves Thai food.
Okay, I found 1 nice restaurant in Martinez called Lemongrass Bistro.
What's their phone number and do they serve alcohol?
Their number is 925-387-0388 and they don't serve alcohol.
Okay, great. I want to make a reservation please.
When should I make it for?
Make the reservation for 7 pm.
Alright, please confirm that you'd like me to book a table for 2 at Lemongrass Bistro in Martinez for today at 7 pm.
No, make it for 1 person on next Monday please.
Okay, so you'd like a reservation for 1 person on next Monday, right?
Yup, that's right. Can you tell me if they have a live band?
Great, your reservation was made. And no, they don't have live music.
Do you know if their menu is inexpensive and what their address is?
Their address is 501 Main Street and their prices are moderate.
Great, thanks!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks. That's all I needed help with.
Have a nice day!
I am looking for an intermediate priced eating place in the nearby area.
What is your preference in regards to city and type of cuisine? You can say something like Italian, American or anything else.
Any place in Pleasanton which serves Ramen kind of food and also alcohol will be ideal.
There is a nice restaurant called Meiko Sushi in Pleasanton.
That is good a good choice. Please make a reservation for six people for 3rd of March.
What is the time for Reservation?
Reserve it for Twelve pm.
So, a table reservation at Meiko Sushi in Pleasanton will be for 12 pm on the day after tomorrow for 6 people. Please confirm the aforementioned details.
Yes that is good.
The reservation is successful.
Thank you.
Do you need any further assistance from me?
No. This should be enough for now.
Have a good day.
I would like to it in a place in Pleasanton.
What food would you like to eat?
I would love some Noodles
I have for you 3 option .One is a nice restaurant located in Pleasanton named Andy & Yu's.
Can you tell me the phone number?
925-750-8888 is the phone number
Sounds good
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes make it for 2 people
At what time you want to be?
I want to be at 6:45 in the evening
Book a table at Andy & Yu's in Pleasanton at 6:45 pm today for 2 person is correct?
No make it please at 12:45 for 4 people
Reservation at 12:45 pm for 4 people Is OK?
Yes is good.Tell me please if they serve Liquor and if they have a price range average priced
Sorry the reservation was unsuccessful.Price range is moderate and they dont serve alcohol.Andy & Yu's is a nice place shall I try to meke a reservation for 4 person today at 12:30 pm?
Yes is ok
Reservation was successful made.
Thank you very much that s all I need
Have a great day!
I'd like to find a place to eat.
What city would you like to eat in and what kind of food do you like?
I'd like a Barbecue food restaurant in Campbell.
THere are 3 restaurants located in Campbell. Effie's Restaurant & Bar is nice.
Is Liquor available? Where are they located?
The address is 331 West Hacienda Avenue and they don't serve alcohol.
Do you have any other suggestions that are also affordable?
There are 2 restaurants in Campbell. Flights Restaurant Campbell is nice.
I'd like another kind of restaurant. I'd like Sushi.
Furusato in Campbell is a nice restaurant.
That's great.
Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes I'd like to make a reservation.
What time are you looking to book?
Please can you book it for 7:15 pm.
OK so you would like to book a table for 2 today at Furusato in Campbell for 7:15 pm.
No, I'd like to book for March 14th.
So to confirm, you would like a table at Furusato on March 14th.
Perfect.
Your booking has been confirmed.
Do they serve alcohol? what is their phone number?
Their number is 408-370-1300 and they don't serve alcohol.
That's great. I don't need anything else right now.
Enjoy your day.
Will you find me a place to eat?
Which city?
Palo Alto.
What kind of food?
Brazilian.
I found Pampas in Palo Alto.
Great. Please make a reservation.
What time?
Quarter past 5 in the evening.
Please confirm a table at Pampas in Palo Alto at 5:15 pm for 2 people today.
No, change it to evening 6:15.
Okay. A table at Pampas at 6:15 pm.
Great. How pricey? What's their number?
I've made your reservation. It's expensive. Phone number is 650-327-1323.
Thanks.
Anything else?
No, thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
Will you find me somewhere to eat?
Sure, what style are you in the mood for? How about Chinese or Mexican?
I really need good pasta, I'm underweight.
Of course, where do you want to go?
Campbell please, thanks.
You have 5 options: The top choice is A Bellagio Italian Restaurant in Campbell.
I need someplace cheaper. I want to eat a lot for not very costly.
Try Buca Di Beppo Italian Restaurant. It's in Campbell.
Where are they located?
1875 South Bascom Avenue is their street address.
What's the situation with live music there?
Sorry, no live music.
Please give a better choice.
Try Dicicco's Ristorante Italiano Autentico. It's in Campbell.
You have found a winner.
Can I get you a table?
Please do that.
What time do you want to show up there?
5:30 pm should be prime pasta time.
Ok, Let's be clear: 2 people for Dicicco's Ristorante Italiano Autentico. Today at 5:30 pm. in Campbell.
Do they have been and liquor?
I have your appointment set up. They do serve alcohol.
Great, I want to toast the victory of the team.
What else would you like?
Nothing much. I'm good.
Enjoy your pasta.
I want to eat out at an intermediate priced location, can you find me some options?
What food do you fancy? Is there anywhere you particularly want to go?
I want to go to Milpitas. Spicy Indian food sounds perfect.
I found 4 restaurants- how about Anjappar Chettinad Restaurant in Milpitas?
Is there live music? What's the contact number?
The contact number is 408-435-5500, but they don't have live music.
Well, it works for me, can you make a reservation for 4 people at 1 o\"clock in the afternoon?
So I'll book a table for 4 at Anjappar Chettinad Restaurant in Milpitas for 1 pm today. Is that okay?
No, actually I want it for 3 people, and at evening 7:45.
I've updated the reservation for 3 people, at 7:45 pm. Is that okay?
Yes, that sounds good.
I'm sorry, but the reservation was unavailable. Shall I try something else?
No, thanks a lot.
Have a good day!
I am planning to go out for dinner. Can you find me restaurants nearby?
Do you have a specific area in mind where you would like to eat.
I would like to eat in Milpitas and the restaurant should be in the moderate price range.
Is there a particular cuisine you would like?
I am looking for restaurants that offer Take-out.
There are 2 restaurants in Milpitas I have found. The Olive Garden Italian Restaurant meets your criteria.
What is the other restaurant you mentioned?
The other restaurant in Milpitas is Red Chillies The Malabar Cuisine.
Where are they located?
They are located at 167 South Main Street.
I like that location. I would like to make a reservation at Red Chillies The Malabar Cuisine.
At what time would you like the reservation?
The reservation needs to be at 11 am.
The reservation is for today at Red Chillies The Malabar Cuisine at 11 am in Milpitas. The reservation is for 2 people. Is this correct?
The reservation should be for March 14th.
The reservation is in Milpitas on March 14th. Is this correct?
Please make the reservation for 18:00.
The reservation is for March 14th and 6 pm. Is this correct?
Yes, that is correct.
Your reservation has been made.
Does the restaurant have any live entertainment? Is their contact information available?
They do not have live entertainment. The restaurant's phone number is 669-213-9385.
I greatly appreciate your time.
May I assist you with anything else?
No. Thank you again.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I'm feeling hungry, do you know of any places that average priced?
Is there any particular food you're looking for, such as Italian, American, or anything else?
I'm feeling a craving for Noodles.
What city would you like me to look in?
Look for a place in Dublin.
There are 7 restaurants that could work. There's a nice one called China Paradise Restaurant in Dublin.
Yeah, I like the sound of that.
Do you want me to reserve you a table.
Yeah, reserve me a table for one person please.
And what time would you like this reservation.
I want it on the 7th of March at 13:00.
Your reservation will be for 1 person next Thursday at 1 pm at China Paradise Restaurant in Dublin. Is that correct?
Sorry, it's actually for the 8th of March.
So China Paradise Restaurant next Friday, is that right?
Yeah, you got it. Do they have liquor over there?
I'm sorry, they don't serve alcohol. I've made the reservation for you.
Thank you, you're great. That'll be all.
Very well, take care.
I'm looking for somewhere to eat with my girlfriend, do you know of any good restaurants?
What city should I search for the best restaurants?
I want something with a moderate priced in Petaluma. It also needs to serve alcohol.
What type of food do you want to eat?
Some type of curry would be great, so Indian or Thai maybe.
I found 1 restaurant, Shree Indian Cuisine. It's a nice restaurant in Petaluma.
Yeah, that's great!
Do you want to make a reservation here?
Yes, I'd like to book a table.
What time would you like the reservation?
How about 11 in the morning?
Okay, making a reservation for 2 people Shree Indian Cuisine in Petaluma at 11 am today. Is that correct?
No, just for 1 person.
Okay, making the reservation for 1 person at Shree Indian Cuisine in Petaluma.
Yep, that's perfect. What's the restaurant's address?
Your reservation has been booked. The restaurant is located at 220 Western Avenue.
Thanks so much!
Can I help with anything else?
No thank you.
Have a great day!
I'm on a budget and I am looking for a cafe that is not very costly.
What type of food are you in the mood for? How about Italian, Indian, something else?
I am really hungry for Pizza and Pasta.
Where would you like to eat at, what city?
I have to have something in San Francisco.
I have a good option, try 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco.
Yes, please get me a reservation there.
when would you like to eat?
Please reserve at quarter past 5 in the evening.
Let me clarify your plans: You want a table at 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco at 5:15 pm. today for 2?
Yes, exactly please.
I apologize, I was unable to process this. how about trying a reservation for 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano for 2 today at 5:30 pm instead?
No, I don't want that.
What else can I help with?
Nothing, you've done quite enough.
Have a good day.
I'm hungry. Find places to eat please.
Sure thing. Which city would you like to eat in?
Let's go with Foster City please.
Sure. What kind of food are you hungry for?
Spicy Indian sound really good.
One moment. I found a great restaurant called Pastries N Chaat in Foster City.
Give me other suggestions as well
How about, Tabla Indian Restaurant in Foster City?
Can you find out if they are average priced?
sure. The price range would be inexpensive.
Perfect. That works
Should I reserve for you?
Yes, go ahead and do that.
No problem. What time would you like a reservation for?
How about this afternoon 1:45.
One moment. Please confirm a reservation for 2 people, at Tabla Indian Restaurant in Foster City. At 1:45 pm today. Does this sound right?
No it doesn't. Change to 5:45 pm on the 4th of this month please.
One moment. Just to confirm: Your reservation is for 5:45 pm for next Monday. Does this sound right?
Yes. that is perfect.
Just to confirm, your reservation is successfully booked.
Thanks, that is all i needed.
Your welcome. Have a great day.
Can you find a place to eat?
What kind of food are you looking for? An example can be Chinese, American or anything else.
Some Sichuan food would be good.
Which city should I search in?
Look in Mountain View.
I found 3 restaurants. One of them is China Wok located in Mountain View.
Is the restaurant inexpensive?`
The price range is moderate.
Can you suggest a restaurant with inexpensive pricing?
Hunan Chili is an inexpensive restaurant in Mountain View.
What is the address? Do they have live music?
The street address is 102 Castro Street. They do not have live music.
Yes, that's perfect. I want to reserve a table for 4.
What time should I reserve for?
6 in the evening.
Ok, I will reserve a table for 4 at Hunan Chili in Mountain View. The reservation is today at 6 pm.
That works for me. What is the restaurant's phone number?
Your reservation is successful. Their phone number is 650-969-8968.
Do they serve alcohol?
Yes, they serve alcohol.
Thanks. That's all I need.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
I would like to find a Chinese food restaurant.
In which city?
Search in San Mateo.
There are 5 restaurants, Gau Poang is a nice restaurant located in San Mateo.
How expensive are they?
The price range is moderate.
Can you suggest other restaurants in SF?
Alice's restaurant is located in San Francisco.
Can you suggest another restaurant?
Bamboo Restaurant is located in San Francisco.
What is the address?
The address is 1441 Polk Street.
Ok, make a reservation at 12 o\"clock in the afternoon.
Please confirm you are booking a table for 2 at Bamboo Restaurant, located in San Francisco today at 12 pm.
Yes, how expensive are they?
Your reservation has been made. The price range is inexpensive.
Thank you, that's everything.
Have a nice day.
Can you find me place to eat?
What kind of food would you like to have and where would you like me to search in?
Food kind of California will be perfect in SF.
There are 10 restaurants, Al's Place is one of the good restaurant in San Francisco.
Can you look for any other restaurant?
Alta Msp is one of the good restaurant in San Francisco.
Can you find me the address?
The street address of the restaurant is 1275 Minnesota Street.
Can you find me any other restaurant?
Aq is one of the good restaurant in San Francisco.
Do they play live music and is the price range low-cost?
They do not play live music and the price range is very expensive.
Okay. That sound good to me.
Do you want my help with anything else?
Can you help me in making a reservation at the restaurant?
What time should i make the reservation for?
The timing will be half past 7 in the evening.
Please confirm the details: You want me to make a reservation at Aq in San Francisco for today at 7:30 pm for 2 people.
Yes, that sounds great to me.
Your reservation is successfully made.
That will be all. Thank you.
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day.
I am searching for a eating place with a intermediate priced
Which city you are interested and what is the type of food you are searching for like American, Mexican etc
Some Izakaya kind of food good in Foster City
I have found out 2 restaurant for you and one of them is Tokai Japanese Restaurant located in Foster city is a nice one.
Can you tell me other restaurant names?
The restaurant Tokyo Village Grill & Sushi located in Foster City is a nice one.
Are there any live music?
There is no live music.
Ok. that is perfect for me and want to reserve that restaurant on March 4th.
What is the reservation time?
Do the reservation at evening 6:30
please give the confirmation details:Booking the table at Tokyo Village Grill & Sushi at Foster City and the reservation is for 2 people at 6:30 pm on next monday
This is perfect. what is the address and contact number?
Your booking is done and their address is 1221 Chess Drive with phone number 650-341-6888
Thanks a lot. That is all i want.
have a great Day.
i am meeting my friend after a long time and i wish to eat along with him. Will you find a place to eat and i don't have a price preference.
Fine, Its sounds good. What type of food are you looking for ? whether American, Indian or anything else. Which city do you prefer?
I like Pizza and Pasta kind of food and the place should be in San Francisco.
There are 10 restaurants. One among is 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano which is a nice restaurant located in San Francisco
I need their contact number? Please provide me
Their Phone Number is 415-543-5100
Ok, that great and sound good to me.
Whether i need to reserve a table here?
Yes i wank to make a reservation at 6 in the evening.
Ok Please check and verify the following details so that i will confirm. Table has been booked at 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in the city San Francisco and the reservation time is at 6 pm for 2 people and the date is today.
Ok, very perfect. Book it. Do they have live music?
Reservation is confirmed. They don't have live music.
Tell me their address?
Their address is 16 Mint Plaza
Thanks a lot and thanks for your help
Whether i need to find any other thing?
No, thank a lot
Take care have a great day
Can you help me locate a place to eat?
Which city should I look in and what type of food would you like? Please say Chinese, American or anything else.
Some Punjabi food would be great. Please look in Pleasanton.
I found 7 restaurants in Pleasanton. The first one is Aappakadai.
Do they have live music?
No, they do not.
That is fine. Please make a reservation.
What time would you like the reservation for?
Please make if at 12:15.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table for 2 at Aappakadai in Pleasanton for today at 12:15 pm.
Yes, that is correct. What is their address and phone number?
Sorry, I was unable to make the reservation. The phone number is 925-750-7709 and the address is 4555 Hopyard Road. Aappakadai is a nice restaurant. Shall I try for a reservation for 2 at 12 pm today?
No thank you.
Have a good day.
I'm looking for somewhere to eat.
Where should I look? And what type of cuisine?
I'd like pizza and somewhere in Sunnyvale.
I found 3 places. Gumba's is a good place in Sunnyvale.
What's their number?
It's 408-737-8384
Do they serve alcohol? What's their address?
yes they do. they are located on 176 South Murphy Avenue.
That works. I want to reserve a table.
What time?
Make it in the evening 7:15.
Just to confirm, you want a table at Gumba's in Sunnyvale for 2 people today at 7:15 pm?
No, make it in the afternoon 12:30.
Okay, so a reservation for 2 at 12:30 pm?
No, I want it to be for next tuesday, and only for one person.
Okay, a table for 1 next tuesday?
Yes.
It was successful.
Thanks, that's everything.
Have a good day.
I'm getting a craving for Diner food, can you help me look for a place?
What's the city I should look in?
Look in San Fran.
There are 10 restaurants that fit what you're looking for. 1760 is a nice restaurant that's in San Francisco.
Okay, that sounds good.
Do you want me to make a reservation?
Yeah, please make a reservation.
What time do you want the reservation for.
I want it for the evening 4:45.
Okay, I'll you want a reservation at 1760 in San Francisco for 2 people, today at 4:45 pm, is that correct?
No, it's just for one person. And on second though, can you make it at 6 pm.
So the reservation is for 1 person at 6 pm, correct?
Yeah, that's correct. Can you tell me their address?
They're located at 1760 Polk Street. I've successfully made your reservation.
Thanks so much.
Do you need any further help?
No, thanks again.
Okay then, take care.
I'd like to find somewhere to eat. Someplace intermediate priced.
What kind of food are you interested in, and in which city should I conduct my search?
Something Southern in the San Jose area would be great.
There's a nice restaurant by the name of 71 Saint Peter in San Jose.
Do you have any other suggestions? Maybe someplace with live music that also serves alcohol.
Hukilau is another nice restaurant in San Jose that meets that criteria.
What's their number?
The number for Hukilau is 408-279-4888.
And their address?
The address for Hukilau is 230 Jackson Street.
Do you have anymore restaurant suggestions?
Another nice restaurant in San Jose is Rosie Mccann's Irish Pub & Restaurant.
Sounds great.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you there?
Yes. Make it for a quarter to 12 in the morning.
To confirm: You'd like me to make a reservation for today a 11:45 am for 2 guests at Rosie Mccann's Irish Pub & Restaurant in San Jose, correct?
Yes, that's perfect. What's their address and phone number again?
Your reservations has been made. The address is 355 Santana Row #1060, and the phone number is 408-247-1706.
Thank you so much for all of your help.
Enjoy your day.
Please search for an economical priced place to eat that serves alcohol.
What kind of food do you prefer? Which city should the search use?
I prefer it in Oakland. I am craving Pizza.
Your search found 4 restaurants. One is Belotti Ristorante E Bottega which is located in Oakland.
Do they happen to have live music? What is their phone number?
Their number is 510-350-7619. They do not happen to have live music.
Are there other restaurant options?
Contrasto is a nice restaurant and located in Oakland.
That will do.
Is there anything else you needed help with?
I want to make a restaurant reservation.
What time did you prefer?
I would like it to be half past 11 in the morning.
Please say yes to confirm the following. Booking a table at Contrasto in Oakland with a reservation at 11:30 am today. The reservation is a party of 2.
Its actually a party of 4.
Please say yes to confirm the following. The city is Oakland, and the reservation is for a party of 4.
That will do.
Your reservation has been made.
Can you tell me what their address is?
Thier address is 388 Grand Avenue.
Thank you. That is all.
Have a pleasant day.
I want a good place to eat that is fancy priced
what kind of food do you want? There is Mexican, Indian or anything else. What city do I need to search in?
I need it in SFO. French food will be perfect.
Bistro Aix is a good restaurant in San Francisco
Yes that works. I want a reservation at a nearby restaurant.
what time for the reservation?
I want it at 13:15
Confirm Bistro Aix and the city is San Francisco. Reservation os 1:15 pm and for 2 people today
Is there live music?
No live music at Bistro Aix but I shall try a reservation for 2 people today at 1:30 pm.
Yes that works
The reservation was a success
Thanks that is all
Have a good one
I would like to look for a place where I could eat.
What kind of food do you prefer to eat? Which city are you located now?
Please look in Dublin, a burger is perfect to have now.
I have found 1 restaurant that you might like, maybe you like McDonald's in Dublin?
I want a restaurant with music.
Yes, they have live music.
Alright, please make a reservation for me at this evening 7:15.
Please do confirm the following details: book seats at McDonald's in Dublin at 7:15 pm for 2 people today.
Please make it at 7 pm.
Please do confirm the following details: book seats at McDonald's in Dublin at 7 pm.
Actually its for 3 people on 14th of March.
Please do confirm the following details: book seats at McDonald's in Dublin for 3 people on March 14th.
Yes, that's right. How about the price range, is it very fancy?
The reservation has been successful. Price range is inexpensive.
Thank you, that's all for now.
Have a wonderful day!
My husband and I want to have dinner out. Are there any good places to eat around here?
What city are you interested in?
I would like to stay around Milpitas.
What kind of cuisine would you prefer?
I would really like some Latin American food.
There is a great restaurant called Baja Cactus in Milpitas.
That's great, are there any other restaurants, maybe in Santa Clara?
Santa Clara has a nice restaurant named El Amigo Burrito.
How expensive are they?
Their prices are inexpensive.
Do you have any other suggestions?
Santa Clara also has a great restaurant called La Paloma.
Great, that's the one I want.
Should I reserve a table for you?
Yes, please. I want to eat there.
What time is best for you?
How about 12:30 in the afternoon?
Please confirm your reservation. I have booked a table for 2 at La Paloma in Santa Clara at 12:30 pm today. Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct? Can you tell me their address and if they are having live music?
Great, I have booked your reservation. They will not have live music this evening, and the address is 2280 El Camino Real.
Thank you so much! That's everything.
Have a wonderful day!
Do you know of any places to eat in San Francisco?
Is there a specific food you're looking for, for example Indian, Italian, or anything else?
American food would really hit the spot.
There's a nice restaurant called 1760 in San Francisco.
Do you have any other suggestions? I would prefer something with a moderate price range.
There are 10 restaurants that match. There's a nice restaurant called Academy Bar and Kitchen that's in San Francisco.
Do you have their phone number? And do they serve liquor?
You can call them at 415-775-1800. And they do not serve alcohol.
Okay, that works. Please make me a reservation for 12:45 pm.
So you'd like a 12:45 pm reservation today at Academy Bar and Kitchen in San Francisco for 2 people, is that right?
Yeah, that's it.
I've made the reservation.
Thanks so much.
Do you need any further help with anything?
No, thanks a lot.
Okay, have a good rest of you day.
I'm looking for restaurants.
In which city?
In Oakland.
Which cuisine? Maybe Mexican or Indian?
I like Fish best.
I found 7 restaurants matching this query. One is Alamar Kitchen & Bar in Oakland.
Any other options?
There's Judoku Sushi in Oakland.
Any others? I want something afforadable.
I found 4 restaurants to match. One is Lake Chalet in Oakland.
Do they have liquor and live music?
They do have liquor and live music.
That works. I want to make a reservation.
For what time?
For two people, 10:30 in the morning.
Please confirm: Table for 2 at Lake Chalet, 10:30 am today in Oakland.
That works. What's their address and number?
Sorry, I couldn't make that reservation. Can I help with something else
Try booking again, for 1 person at 12:30.
Please confirm: Table for 1 at Lake Chalet, 12:30 pm today in Oakland.
That's perfect.
Reservation complete.
Thanks, that's all I need.
Have a nice day.
I would like to find a place to eat.
What kind of food are you wanting? And where should I search?
Find me a sushi place in Alameda.
I have found a restaurant called Angel Fish in Alameda.
That works for me. I would like to make a reservation.
What time should the reservation be?
I would like it at afternoon 1:15.
Please confirm the following: You want a table at Angel Fish in Alameda at 1:15 pm today for 2 people.
Yup, that's correct.
Your reservation has been made.
Thanks so much. That's all for today.
Have a wonderful day.
Hi I'm hungry and also need to let loose tonight. Can you find me a place to eat that serves alcohol?
Sure, what city would you like to dine in and what kind of cuisine are you looking for?
I'm in the mood for some Chinese food tonight, preferably in Millbrae.
I managed to find 1 restaurant in Millbrae, it's called Tai Wu Restaurant. I think you'd like it.
That sounds good to me.
Should I reserve a table for you?
Yes, that would be great. Please make a reservation.
What time would you like to dine at?
I'd like to be there at evening 7:30.
So you'd like a table for today at Tai Wu Restaurant for 2 people at 7:30 pm in Millbrae. Is that correct?
That sounds great.
Your reservation has been booked!
What is the address of the restaurant?
The restaurant is located at 300 El Camino Real.
Thanks for everything, that's all I needed.
Enjoy your day!
I'd like to find a place to eat in this city.
What kind of restaurants are you interested in? Which city should I search?
Look for burger restaurants in Campbell.
There's a good restaurant in Campbell called Effie's Restaurant & Bar
What is Effie's address and do they serve drinks?
They don't serve drinks but their address is 331 West Hacienda Avenue.
I'd like to make a reservation there.
What time would you like your reservation?
Make it on the 4th of this month please in the evening 6:30.
Please confirm your request: You'd like to book a table for 2 at Effie's Restaurant & Bar in Campbell at 6:30 pm for next Monday.
No I'd like a reservation on the 1st.
Please confirm the city you're booking in is Campbell and the date is for today.
No the reservation is for 3 people.
Please confirm: the reservation you want is for 6:30 pm for 3 people.
Yes, sounds good.
Great, I made the reservation.
Do they play live music and what is their phone number?
Their phone number is 408-374-3400 and they don't have live music.
Thanks, that's all.
Have a great day.
What would be a good place to eat?
What sort of food are you looking for? Mexican, American, etc? And which city should I search in?
I want some Noodles, and search in Berkeley.
Upon searching I have found 6 restaurants. There's one called Crave Asia which is pretty nice and situated in Berkeley.
Do you have their number? And do they have live music?
Unfortunately no, they do not have live music, however here is the number: 510-558-8367.
I think that works out, make a reservation at the restaurant.
What time should the reservation be for?
11:30 in the morning seems good.
Okay, please confirm the details one more time: Booking a table for 2 people at Crave Asia in Berkeley, the reservation should be for 11:30 AM and the date is today, correct?
Yeah, that's good. Do they serve liquor, and what is their address?
Your reservation is successful. Their address is 1301 San Pablo Avenue and no, they do not serve alcohol.
Okay, thank you very much.
Is there anything else you want help with?
No, I do not. Thank you.
Have a great day.
I am looking for somewhere to eat? Do you know of any good places?
What kind of food do you have a taste for? Are you looking for somewhere near by?
I was thinking in Petaluma. Preferably a Pizza place.
I've found 4 in Petaluma, Brixx Pizzeria is a nice restaurant.
Are there any others?
Cucina Paradiso is also a nice one in Petaluma.
Any other suggestions?
Risibisi is another nice restaurant in Petaluma.
Is it an inexpensive restaurant? What is the address?
Their prices are moderate. The address is 154 Petaluma Boulevard North.
That sounds like a good choice.
Would you like me to make a table reservation?
Yes. Reserve it for half past 1 in the afternoon.
Please confirm that you are booking a table at risibisi in Petaluma. Your reservation will be at 1:30 pm. Set for today for 2 people.
That works for me. Do they serve alcohol?
Your table is reserved. Yes they serve alcohol.
What number can I reach them at? Do they have live music?
The phone number is 707-766-7600. They do not have live music.
Thanks. That is all.
Have a great day.
I need a place to eat.
In which city should I search and what type of food are you interested in. Please specify if you want American, Mexican or something else.
I'm looking for brunch in San Fran.
There is a nice restaurant named 1300 On Fillmore located in San Francisco.
Is there a different restaurant you can suggest.
There is another nice restaurant named the Absinthe Brasserie & Bar in San Francisco.
Is there any other restaurant you can suggest?
Aperto is another nice restaurant in San Francisco.
Is there live music there?
No. Sorry,there is not live music.
Where are they located?
They are located at 1434 18th Street.
Yes. I would like to book a table.
What time would you like me to reserve?
I need it for 11:00.
Please confirm you want me to reserve a table for 2 people at 11 am at Aperto in San Francisco today.
Yes, perfect. Is it in the very fancy price range?
Your reservation was a success. The restaurant is in the moderate price range.
Can I have their contact phone?
The restaurant's phone number is 415-252-1036.
Thanks. That's all.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I need to find somewhere to get a good meal in Pleasanton, can you help?
Sure, what kind of food do you want? You can request American, Mexican, or anything else.
I want Japanese food, my girlfriend is from Osaka, I'm trying to impress her.
Okay, I found 4 good Japanese places. How about Meiko Sushi in Pleasanton?
Is there anything else? I want something a bit more afforadable.
I found 2 affordable places in Pleasanton. How about P.f. Chang's?
Do they serve liquor and play live music?
They do serve liquor, but they don't play live music.
Okay, that'll be fine.
Would you like to book a table?
Yes thanks, please book it.
What time would you like to book?
7:45 in the evening please.
Okay, please confirm that you'd like to book a table for 2 at P.F. Chang's in Pleasanton for 7:45 pm today.
Yes, that's perfect.
Sorry, I couldn't book the table. How about booking the table at P.F. Chang's for 2, today at 7:30 pm instead?
Yeah, that's okay.
Okay, it's booked for you.
Thanks. Where are they? How can I call them?
They're at 1330 Stoneridge Mall Road and you can call them on 925-224-9916.
Okay, thanks. That's all for today.
Okay, see you.
Do you know a place to eat?
Which city are you looking?
Do you know a place to eat in Petaluma?
What kind of food?
I am looking for an Italian restaurant.
In Petaluma there are 4 restaurants. Brixx Pizzeria is a nice one.
What's the number of the restaurant? Is there live music?
They do have live music. The number is 707-664-1418.
I would like to make a reservation for six at a restaurant.
What time do you want the reservation?
At 5 pm.
You want to make a reservation at 5 pm today for 6 people at Brixx Pizzeria in Petaluma?
Yes that's right. What's the address?
Done. The address is 16 Kentucky Street.
That's all. Thanks.
Good day.
Hello! I am looking for a place to eat.
Which city would you like to eat at?
I would prefer to eat at Pleasanton.
Do you have any food preferences, such as American, Indian or some other cuisine?
I would like something on the lines of Izakaya food.
There is a nice restaurant called Meiko Sushi located in Pleasanton.
Sure, that sounds great!
Would you like me to make a reservation there?
Sure! Please reserve a table for me at 12:30 pm.
Please confirm your reservation for 2 at Meiko Sushi in Pleasanton at 12:30 pm today.
Yes, that's fine for me.
Sorry, I was not able to make the reservation due to certain issues. Can I further assist you?
How about placing a reservation at 19:15 instead?
Sure! Please confirm your reservation for 2 at Meiko Sushi in Pleasanton at 7:15 pm today.
That is fine for me. What is their address and do they serve liquor?
My apologies, I was not able to make the reservation. Alternatively, would you like a for 2 at Meiko Sushi in Pleasanton at 7:30 pm today instead? They are located at 4301 Valley Avenue B.
Sure, that sounds great!
Your reservation has been made.
Thank you, that's all the help I need.
No problem! Have a great day ahead!
I'm looking for restaurants to dine in.
What city and what kind of cuisine are you interested in?
I'd like to try Punjabi food, somewhere in SFO.
I've found 10 possible options - Amber in San Francisco has 4.2 stars.
Does that restaurant serve alcohol?
Amber restaurant does not serve liquor.
Alright, that works for me.
Would you like to reserve a table in this restaurant?
I think so, yes.
What time would you like to arrive at?
I'd like to reserve the table for lunch, so 11 o\"clock in the morning, for 2 people.
To review: You'd like to make an 11 am reservation at Amber restaurant in San Francisco for 2 people, today.
That sounds right, yeah.
Your table has been reserved.
That's all I need today, thanks.
Have a great day.
I have a friend visiting from out of town and need to find somewhere good for us to eat. Can you look up restaurants in San Jose?
Sure, what kind of food are you interested in?
Some kind of Freshwater fish would be great.
I found 10 possible options in San Jose. How about Ariake?
How expensive is it?
Looks like it's in the moderate range.
Ok, that sounds good.
Did you want to go ahead and make a reservation?
Yes, please do.
What time would you like it at?
Can you make it on the 10th of this month at a quarter to 7 in the evening?
Sure. Just to confirm, you'd like to make a reservation for 2 people at Ariake in San Jose on March 10th at 6:45 pm. Is that right?
Yes, that's perfect.
Sorry, the reservation won't go through for some reason. Is there anywhere else you'd want to go?
Can you try making the reservation for 1 in the afternoon?
Sure. Just to confirm, you'd like to make a reservation for 2 people at Ariake in San Jose on March 10th at 1 pm. Is that right?
No, actually, change that to Tuesday next week.
Ok, just to confirm, I'm making the reservation at Ariake for next Tuesday.
Yes, that's perfect.
Ok, I've made your reservation.
Great, thank you!
Anything else I can help with?
No, thank you.
Have a good day.
I think dining out will be a wonderful thing. Look for a suitable place please.
Do you prefer any city and what should be the menu?
It will be fine at San Francisco and pizza and pasta will cherish me.
Then 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco will be the right one.
Great, make a reservation for me.
When you would like to dine at?
5:30 in the evening.
Please confirm, Today at 5:30 pm in San Francisco, table 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano for 2 people.
Please make it on March 3rd for 3 people.
It is ok, now verify for 3 people on day after tomorrow.
will you make it at 11:30 am on 7th of March?
The details of reservation are, time 11:30 am on next Thursday.
Ok, its fine. thank you.
Reservation is successful, good luck.
Grateful, thank you.
Have a wonderful day.
I am meeting a friend for food later. Can you find me a pricey place nearby?
Are you looking for Mexican, American, or some other type of food?
A place with pasta will be perfect?
What city are you meeting in?
We are meeting in San Francisco.
There is a nice restaurant in San Francisco called Ala Romana.
Are there any other nice restaurants in the area?
Che Fico is another nice restaurant in San Francisco.
Do they serve liquor?
They do not serve liquor.
Can you suggest any Mexican food restaurants?
There are 3 Mexican restaurants in the area. Cala is a nice one in San Francisco.
Do they serve liquor?
Yes, they serve liquor.
I want to make a reservation for Cala.
What time would you like to make the reservation for?
Make it for one in the afternoon on March 7th.
To confirm, the reservation is at Cala in San Francisco at 1 pm next Thursday for 2 people.
Please change it to a quarter past 12 in the afternoon.
To confirm, the reservation is at 12:15 pm for 2 people.
Yes, that is good. Do they have live music?
They do not have live music. I was unable to make the reservation at Cala, shall I try to reserve next Thursday at 12 pm for 2?
Yes that works.
Your reservation was successful.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all.
Have a good day.
I want to go out to eat in Milpitas.
Alright, what type of food would you like?
I'm looking for take-out.
I found 2 possibilities. There is an Olive Garden Italian restaurant in Milpitas.
Alright, what is their number? Do they have live music?
The number is 408-935-8176. No, they do not have live music.
Alright, that works.
Would you like to go ahead and reserve a table?
Yes, make a reservation for three people.
What time would you like the reservation?
At 1 pm, please.
Please confirm the following: You want a table for 3 at Olive Garden Italian Restaurant in Milpitas today at 1 pm?
Yes that's right.
Sorry, I was unable to confirm your reservation. Can I assist you with anything else?
Can you try booking again for 4 people?
Please confirm the following details: You want a table for 4 at Olive Garden Italian Restaurant in Milpitas today at 1 pm?
No, actually make it half past 6 in the evening.
Alright, please confirm the following, you want a table at Olive Garden Italian Restaurant at 6:30 pm.
Yes that works. Can I have the address? Also how expensive are they?
Your reservation is complete. The address is 1350 Great Mall Drive. The price range is moderate.
Thanks, that's all I needed.
Enjoy your evening!
I would like to eat at outside, can you find some nice place?
Do you like any particular kind of food like Italian, Chinese or any other?
Yes, some salad type food with low-cost will be perfect. Also I need live music there.
Any preferred City , do I search for?
If I got any place in San Jose then it will be nice for me.
found 1 result, a restaurant in San Jose and its name is Mcdonald's.
What is the address of that restaurant?
It is 777 story Road.
Do they have any liquor supply?
No, they do not.
That's okay, can you make me a reservation at this restaurant for day after tomorrow.
at what time?
11:30 in the morning will be perfect.
Please confirm to book a table for 2 persons at Mcdonald's in San Jose at 11:30 am on day after tomorrow.
Make it for one person.
Please confirm to book the table for 1 person in San Jose.
Sorry, please change it to 3 persons and the date will be 2nd of March.
Please confirm to book the table for 3 persons on tomorrow.
Yes, that is correct. continue.
Your booking was confirmed.
Thanks, that's all I want.
Have a great day.
I am trying to find fancy place to eat. I'm willing to pay more for a nice meal.
What type of food would you like to eat? Which city will you be dining in?
I'm looking to have Korean Barbeque. I'm looking in Santa Clara.
There is 1 restaurant that matches that. There's a nice restaurant called Restaurant Chungdam in Santa Clara.
Do they have alcohol?
Yes, they do serve alcohol.
That sounds great.
Excellent. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes. I would like to make a reservation for 20:00.
Great. Please verify that the following is correct: one table to Restaurant Chungdam in Santa Clara at 8 pm today for 2 people.
That's correct. Will there be live music? Also, where is the restaurant?
I couldn't make that reservation for then, I apologize for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd like to make the reservation at 7 in the evening.
Great. Please verify that the following is correct: one table to Restaurant Chungdam in Santa Clara at 7 pm today for 2 people.
That sounds good.
I've made that reservation successfully.
Thank you!
Anything else I can do for you?
Nope. That's all.
Enjoy the rest of your day!
I want to find somewhere to eat. It needs to serve alcohol and it doesn't matter if it's pricey.
What type of food do you want? How about Mexican or Italian? What city should I search in?
Look in SFO. I'm feeling Japanese food.
I've found 4 potential restaurants for you. How about Izakaya Sushi Ran in San Francisco?
What's the address and number?
The address is 2223 Market Street. The number is 415-655-3738.
That sounds good.
Should I reserve a table for you?
Yes. Make it for evening 5:45.
Okay, please confirm: Table for 2 at Izakaya Sushi Ran in San Francisco today at 5:45 pm.
No, it's for 1 person. Let's do it on the 8th.
Okay, please confirm: reservation for 1 next Friday.
No. Make it for 3 people at 11:15.
Please confirm: reservation for 3 people at 11:15 am.
Yes, that's right. Do they have live music?
The reservation has been made. They do not have live music.
Thanks. That's it for now.
Have a great day.
Where can I go to eat that also serves alcohol?
Are you looking for American or Chinese food, or something else?
I want to go somewhere where I can get a reasonably priced burger.
What city would you like to eat in?
I'd like to eat somewhere in Berkeley.
The B&b Kitchen & Wine Bar is a great restaurant in Berkeley and a local favorite.
Okay, please make a reservation.
When would you like the reservation for?
Half past 1 in the afternoon will be fine.
I have booked a table for 2 at B&b Kitchen & Wine Bar for today at 1:30 pm in Berkeley. Is this correct?
That sounds great. Is there live music and where are they located.
There were no reservations available. Do you need anything else?
Make a seven pm reservation at a restaurant.
I have booked a table for 2 at B&b Kitchen & Wine Bar for today at 7 pm in Berkeley. Is this correct?
Yes, thanks.
The reservations has been made.
Ok, thank you.
Hope you have a great day.
Could you suggest a place to eat?
Do you want American, Indian or what type of food?
I think I'm craving Mexican food.
Where should I search for?
I want to eat in San Mateo.
There's a nice restaurant in San Mateo called Celia's.
That sounds great.
Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes, I want to make one.
At what time do you want it?
11:30 am is fine.
Please confirm: Making a reservation for 2 people at Celia's in San Mateo for today at 11:30 am.
Correct. What is the phone number of the place and does it have live music?
The reservation was made. The phone number is 650-349-0165 and the do not have live music.
Thank you. That's all.
Good day.
I am looking for a place with good breakfast.
Which city?
SFO
I found 10 restaurants. One of them is Baker Street Bistro in San Francisco.
Is there anything else?
Blue Mermaid in San Francisco.
Sounds great.
Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes. At evening 5:30, please.
Please confirm Blue Mermaid in San Francisco at 5:30 pm for 2 people today.
Sounds good.
I've made your reservation.
Where are they located? Do they serve alcohol?
They are located at 471 Jefferson Street. They do serve alcohol.
Thanks, that's all for now.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you recommend me somewhere to eat?
What city do you want me to look in?
It should be in SFO.
Okay, what type of cuisine do you want?
I'd like to get some Middle eastern food in Oakland.
There's a good restaurant in Oakland called Dyafa.
How about something else? I'm looking for a meal on a budget.
I found 1 that might work for you. It is called Marhaba Indian & Pakistani Halal Cuisine and it is in Oakland.
What is the address?
It is located at 1437 Franklin Street.
Okay, that sounds good.
Should I reserve you a table there?
Yeah, make a reservation please.
What time should I make the reservation for?
I'd like it to be at 13:30.
Okay, so you would like to reserve at table at Marhaba Indian & Pakistani Halal Cuisine in Oakland, for 2 people today at 1:30 pm. Is that correct?
No, it is just for 1 person.
Okay, so you'd like to make a reservation for 1 person today?
Yes, that sounds good.
Okay, your reservation was completed successfully.
Okay great, thanks.
Is there anything else you need?
No, that's all thanks.
Okay, have a nice day.
I would like to eat out side this time, can you search for a nice place?
Yes, of course, which City do you like to eat? any preference?
Ya, I like to eat at some nice place in Calistoga.
Is there any preferred food specially liked by you?
I like Taiwanese food so much, can you find something?
I got details about 1, Soo Yuan Restaurant is the best one which is located in Calistoga as per your wish.
Is there any liquor supply? and let me know the address.
Yes they supply alcohol and the address is 1354 California 29.
That's fine, please make reservation for 4 including me.
at what time?
1:30 in the afternoon will be fine.
Please confirm: Booking for a table for 4 persons at Soo Yuan Restaurant in Calistoga at 1:30 pm today.
Yes, that will be fine.
Your booking was confirmed.
Thanks for your help, that's enough to me.
Have a great day.
I have a date later and I am looking for a good place to eat.
What type of cuisine are you in the mood for? Which city will you be going to eat?
I will be in Berkeley and am in the mood for some Breakfast type of food.
I found 1 match called the Venus Restaurant in Berkeley.
Can you give me their address?
You can find them at 2327 Shattuck Avenue.
That works out great.
Would you like to go ahead and make a reservation?
Yes please. Go ahead and place the reservation.
What time did you have in mind?
It is for 1 person at 12:15 in the afternoon.
You would like to book a table for 1 at 12:15 pm today at the Venus Restaurant in Berkeley. Is that correct?
Actually I changed my mind, make it at evening 6:45.
You would like a reservation for 1 at 6:45 pm, is that correct?
Yes that is what I want. Can I have a contact number?
I apologize but I was unable to confirm the reservation. You can reach them at 510-540-5950. Should I try a reservation for 1 person today at 7 pm at the Venus Restaurant?
Yes please.
Your table was successfully booked.
I'm a little concerned about price. Would you say that the price range is not very costly.?
I would say they have moderate pricing.
Thank you so much for your time.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that is all. Thank you again.
It was my pleasure. Have a great day.
Can you recommend a restaurant where I can go for a meal.
Would you like me to search by any particular type of cuisine and city?
I would like a reasonably priced restaurant that serves Sushi in San Rafael.
There is a great restaurant called Sushi To Dai For in San Rafael.
Can you tell me their exact location.
They are located on 816 4th Street.
Can you tell me the phone number for the restaurant? And I would like to know if they have live music as well.
I am sorry, but they do not have live music. However, the phone number for the restaurant is 415-721-0392.
I would like the name of another restaurant, one that serves Sichuan food, please.
There is a great restaurant that serves Sichuan cuisine in San Rafael called Yet Wah Restaurant.
Sure, that sounds good. I would like to go ahead and make a reservation for that restaurant.
What time would you like me to make the reservation for?
I would like to reserve for 7 in the evening for Monday next week.
Excellent. Can you make a reservation at Yet Wah Restaurant in San Rafael for 7 pm next Monday for 2 people?
Sure, that's perfect.
Your reservation has been confirmed.
Great. Thanks
Would you like help with anything more?
No, all set. Thanks.
I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Please book me a restaurant in Cotati.
What kind of food would you like to eat? Perhaps Chinese, American, or another?
I would like to eat tacos, if available.
There is a restaurant called Mi Pueblo in Cotati that has good tacos.
Can you find me another restaurant in Cotati with live music?
There's 1 restaurant in Cotati that fits your criteria. It is called Mi Ranchito.
Please tell me the address of the restaurant and their general prices.
Their address is 7600 Commerce Boulevard and their prices are moderate.
That seems like a good fit.
Please indicate whether or not you wish to reserve a table.
I would like to reserve a table for two people tonight.
What time would you like to make the reservation for?
I would like to reserve a table at half past 6 in the evening.
Please verify the following details. You would like to reserve a table for 2 today at 6:30 pm at Mi Ranchito in Cotati.
Yes, I confirm those details.
The reservation has been successfully made.
Can you tell me if they serve alcohol, and their phone number?
Their phone number is 707-795-7600 and they do not serve alcohol.
Thank you for your assistance.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I am looking for a place to eat. I don't have a price preference.
What city should I search in?
Show me places to eat in San Francisco. I am looking for something afforadable priced.
What kind of food would you like to eat.
Some Pizza and Pasta would be perfect.
I found 10 restaurants that serve pizza and pasta. 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano is a nice restaurant located in San Francisco.
Yes, that works for me.
Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes, I would like to make a reservation. Make a reservation for Sunday this week for 4 people.
What time is the reservation for?
Mate it at 17:30.
Please confirm the following details: You are booking a table at 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano, the city is San Francisco, the reservation is at 5:30 pm, the date is the day after tomorrow, and the reservation is for 4 people.
No, I want it on Thursday next week.
Please confirm these updated details: The date is next Thursday, and the reservation is for 4 people.
No make it at 19:30 and make the reservation for five poeple.
Please confirm the updated details: the reservation is at 7:30 pm and it is for 5 people.
Yes that works for me. Do they have live music.
Your reservation is successful. They do not have live music.
Do they serve liquor? What is the address of the restaurant.
They serve alcohol. Their address is 16 Mint Plaza.
Thank you very much!
Can I help you with anything else?
No. Thank you very much.
Have a good day.
Can you find me a place to eat please?
Where at? And what kind of cuisine are you craving?
Somewhere in SF, and I am really craving Thai food at the moment!
I found a bunch of restaurants, there's actually 10 that you might like in San Francisco, one of them being Baan Thai House & Wine Bar
How can I reach them? And what's their address?
You can reach them by phone at 415-379-4505 and visit them at 534 Irving Street
Great, that restaurant sounds good
Want me to book a table?
Yes book me a table
What time do you want the reservation?
Let's do dinner at 6 in the evening
Confirming your 6 pm booking today for 2 people at Baan Thai House & Wine Bar in San Francisco.
Actually let's just do it for one person
Confirming your 6 pm reservation for 1 then?
Yes that's right
I was able to book it
Thanks so much
Can I do anything else for you?
No that's it for now, thanks
You're welcome, enjoy your dinner
Give me a place to eat at.
Which city should I search? Is there a specific food type you would like to eat, such as American or Italian?
San Bruno, I am looking for low priced, Taiwanese food.
China Garden fits your preferences in San Bruno.
Whats the address?
586 San Mateo Avenue
Do they serve liquor?
They do not serve alcohol.
Could you suggest another similar restaurant that serves alcohol?
Dumpling Era in San Bruno serves alcohol.
Could you suggest another restaurant without the price limitation?
I found 1 restaurant: Ming's in San Bruno.
That works. I'd like to make a reservation at half past 12 in the afternoon for 6 people.
Please confirm: I am booking a table at Ming's, in San Bruno. The reservation is for 6 people, today at 12:30 pm.
Correct. What is their address?
Sorry, I was unable to make a reservation. Can I do anything else?
Make the reservation at eleven am.
Please confirm: I am booking a table at Ming's in San Bruno, the reservation is at 11 am today for 6 people.
Make the reservation for four people.
Confirm: The reservation is at 11 am for 4 people.
Yes! Do they have live music and serve liquor?
Your reservation is successful. They do not serve alcohol or have live music.
Thank you very much.
Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you.
Have a good day
I am looking for a Greek place to eat please.
Which city should I search in?
Please locate one in San Carlos.
I found 2 Greek restaurants. Agora is a nice one located in San Carlos.
Can you suggest any other restaurants? One that serves Spicy Noodles would be perfect.
I located 2 restaurants. Asya Restaurant is nice and located on San Carlos.
Could you suggest any other ones? I'd like one that serves alcohol.
I found 1, Thai Time is nice and located in San Carlos.
Yes, that sounds good. Please make a reservation.
What time would you like?
Please make if for 12:45.
Please confirm the following: Booking a table for 2 today at Thai Time in the city of San Carlos for 12:45 pm.
Yes, that is correct. Can you please provide me their phone number and address?
Your reservation is confirmed. The phone number is 650-596-8433 and the address is 1240 El Camino Real.
Thank you very much, that is all I need.
Have a good day.
Please help me find a restaurant.
Please name the city I should search.
I am looking for a restaurant in Petaluma.
What type of food do you prefer? Please say Indian, Chinese, or something similar.
Somewhere similar to Asian Fusion would be nice.
How about Flowering Tea House in Petaluma?
Yes, please make a reservation for 5:15 in the evening, next Friday.
Please confirm your reservation details: Reservation for 2 next Friday, at 5:15 PM, in Petaluma at the Flowering Tea House.
No, it's only for 1 person. Please make the time quarter past 1 in the afternoon.
Please confirm your reservation details: Reservation for 1 person at 1:15 pm.
Actually, no. Make it the 13th of this month for 3 people.
Please confirm your reservation details: March 13th for 3 people.
Yes, that's correct. Does this restaurant serve liquor?
Sorry, I was unable to process that request. Flowering Tea House does not serve alcohol. Shall I make a reservation for 3 people on March 13th at 1 pm?
No, that will not work.
May I be of assistance another way?
No, that will not be necessary.
Thank you, have a nice day.
I want to go out to eat.
Where are you located? What kind of food do you like? I can find Chinese restaurants, American restaurants, and others.
I am in Campbell. I am looking for pizza and pasta with a moderate price.
There are 5 of those restaurants locally, including A Bellagio Italian Restaurant in Campbell.
That sounds good.
Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes please!
When do you want to go?
I want the reservation for 11:30.
Please confirm you want to make a reservation at 11:30 am today for 2 people at A Bellagio Italian Restaurant in Campbell.
Yes that is perfect. What is the address and phone number?
The reservation is confirmed successfully. The phone is 408-370-7705 and they are located at 33 South Central Avenue.
Thanks for your help.
May I further assist you?
No, that will be all.
See you soon!
I would like to find a restaurant please.
Which city would you like to eat in and what kind of food would youn like to eat?
I would like a restaurant that serves alcohol in San Francisco. I'd like to eat in a Burgers restaurant please.
There were 8 matches to your inquiry. 5a5 Steak Lounge is a nice place that's in San Francisco.
Can you please make another suggestion?
Alexander's Steakhouse is also a nice place in San Francisco.
I'd like another suggestion please.
There's another restaurant in San Francisco that's called Bourbon Steak Restaurant.
Yes, I'm interested in that one.
You like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. I would like a 13:30 reservation.
Can you confirm the reservation details please? I am booking a table at Bourbon Steak Restaurant in San Francisco. The reservation is for 1:30 pm for today and is for 2 people.
Yes that sounds wonderful.
I was able to book the reservation successfully.
I appreciate it very much. That's all I need right now.
Be sure to have a great day!
I want to get something to eat, something that's pricey, help me look for a place.
What city would you like me to search in?
Search in Pleasanton.
What type of cuisine are you looking for, for example American, Indian, or anything else?
I'm looking for Barbecue, that would hit the spot.
There are 2 restaurants I've found. There's a nice restaurant called Baci Bistro And Bar in Pleasanton that might interest you.
What's their phone number? And is there live music there?
You can call them at 925-600-0600. And I'm sorry, but there's no live music there.
Okay, that's fine. Make me a reservation for the restaurant.
What time would you like the reservation for?
I want it to be at 13:45.
Okay, I'll make you a reservation for 2 at Baci Bistro And Bar in Pleasanton at 1:45 pm today, is that correct?
Yeah, that's correct. Also, what's their address, and do they serve liquor there?
They're located at 500 Main Street, and they don't serve alcohol, sorry. I'm sorry but that time is all booked. Would you like a reservation for 2 at Baci Bistro And Bar for 1:30 pm today instead?
Yeah, that's fine.
Okay, I made you the reservation.
Thanks a lot, that's all the help I need.
Okay, have a good rest of your day.
I'm hungry, do you have any recommendations on where to eat?
Where are you looking for to eat? What type of food do you want? Do you want American, Indian, or some other cuisine?
I'm craving some Sushi in San Francisco if possible.
There a good restaurant in San Francisco that sells sushi it is called 2g Japanese Brasserie.
Do you know the price range of the restaurant?
Their prices are moderate.
That sounds great. I want to make a reservation.
For when do you want to make it?
Make a reservation for one person at afternoon 12.
Please confirm: Making a reservation for 1 person today at 12 pm at 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco.
No, I'm sorry. It's for three people.
Please confirm: Making a reservation for 3 people today at 12 pm at 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco.
In second though I want it to be at 12:30 in the afternoon.
Making a reservation for 3 people today at 12:30 pm at 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco.
That is correct. What is the address of the restaurant?
The reservation has been done. The address is 601 Van Ness Avenue.
Do you know the phone number?
Their number is 415-292-9997.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else you need?
No, that would be all.
Have a good day.
Is there a place to eat?
Which city?
Antioch would be great.
What kinds of foods besides American and Mexican or you interested in?
I would love to eat some lobster.
There's a place in Antioch call Okawa Japanese Restaurant.
That's great and it'll work for me.
Do you want to reserve a table?
I would love to make an appointment for one myself at 4:30 pm.
Just to be correct, you're booking a table at Okawa Japanese Restaurant today in Antioch and it will be for 1 your self at 4:30 pm.
That will be great. Also, I just wanted to now pricey is it.
Unfortunately there are no tables available. Can I help you with anything else?
Instead of the previous time, can you make it at 18:00?
Just to be correct, you're booking a table at Okawa Japanese Restaurant in Antioch at 6 pm. That will be today and that will be for 1.
That works and fits my schedule.
Your reservation is all set.
Thanks. That will do it for me.
Have a great day.
What's a good place to grab a bite?
What type of food. Italian? Indian?
I'm in the mood for a burger.
Where should I look?
Find a place in Vallejo with live music.
How about Mcdonald's in Vallejo?
Yes. Please book a table.
For what time?
1 in the afternoon.
Mcdonald's in Vallejo for 2 at 1 pm today. Correct?
Yes, that is correct.
Done. I booked you a table.
Thanks. I'm done for now.
You are welcome.
I'm searching for a place to dine at.
What metropolis should I look in, and what types of food do you want?
I'd like for a moderate costing meal in Mountain View, preferably French.
La Fontaine is a lovely diner situated in Mountain View.
Can you give me their phone number?
The restaurant's number is 650-968-2300.
What is the restaurant's location?
The restaurant's location is 186 Castro Street.
Is there any other restaurant you recommend, preferably in SF?
I discovered 10 restaurants. There is a wonderful diner called Amelie San Francisco located in San Francisco.
Yeah, that's the one for me. I'd like to book a spot at that restaurant.
When would you like the booking for?
Put it for morning 10:30.
Please verify the following information: Reserve a table for 2 people at Amelie San Francisco for 10:30 am today in San Francisco.
Yeah, that's what I want. Can you give me their phone number?
I apologize, but I could not book the restaurant. Could I assist you with something else?
I'd like to try making a reservation once more. Put it for eleven in the morning.
Please verify the following information: reserving a table for 2 people at Amelie San Francisco at 11 am today in San Francisco.
Yeah, that's perfect for me. Do they possess live music?
Your booking was successful. They do not possess live music.
Thank you for your assistance.
Could I assist you with something else?
No. Thank you for your assistance.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
I'm looking for a place to eat.
I can help you. In what city?
I am in San Francisco.
What kind of food would you like to eat?
Something Russian would be great.
I have 1 restaurant you may like. Red Tavern is a nice place located in San Francisco.
Do they have live music?
They do not, sorry.
Do they serve alcohol? What's the address?
The street address is 2229 Clement Street. They do not serve alcohol.
That sounds good. I'd like that one.
Would you like to reserve a table now?
Yes, please. I want to make a reservation for next Thursday.
What time would you like to eat?
Please reserve me at 6:15 in the evening.
Please confirm these details: I'm reserving a table for 2 people at Red Tavern in San Francisco, for next Thursday at 6:15 pm.
Yes, that's perfect.
Your reservation has been made.
What is their contact number? Also, how expensive is their menu?
Their phone number is 415-750-9090. Their price range is moderate.
Thanks very much.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's it. Thanks.
Have a good day!
what can I have for breakfast
There is American, Chinese, or anything else what do you want to eat?
Anyone that is burger like in nature
which city should I search from
San francisco is okay
There is a nice returant called 1760 in San francisco
Yes that is okay with me, I need a reservation at 1760
when do u want it booked?
evening 4:45 is perfect
booking table at 1760, city San francisco, time 4:45 pm, date today, reservation for 2 people. Confirm the details above
That is okay with me
the reservation is booked
Thanks, thats all I want
Have a great day
I would like to find a place to eat in Santa Rosa.
What kind of food would you like?
Please find me a ramen restaurant.
I have found 4 options. Hikuni is a great choice in Santa Rosa.
Do they play live music? And what's their phone number?
Their number is 707-539-9188. And unfortunately, they don't have live music.
Could you suggest a not very costly option?
Osake is a great choice in Santa Rosa.
That would work great.
Would you like a table?
Yes, please make a reservation for me.
What time would you like me to schedule it at?
Please make it at 10:45 in the morning on the 4th of this month.
Please confirm the following: You want a table for 2 people at Osake in Santa Rosa at 10:45 am next Monday.
Yes, that would be great. What's their address? And do they have live music?
Unfortunately, the reservation failed. Their address is 2446 Patio Court and they don't have live music. Osake is a great choice. Shall I attempt to make a reservation for 2 next Monday at 11 am?
Yes, that would be great.
Your reservation has been made.
Thanks so much! That's all for now.
Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant.
What kind of food do you want? What city are you in?
I am looking for asian food in SFO.
I found 10 restaurants in San Francisco including 8 Immortals Restaurant.
What other restaurants are there? I want to buy a drink.
There is a nice restaurant in San Francisco called Butterfly Restaurant.
Do they have live music? Where are they located?
They do not have live music. They are at 33 The Embarcadero.
What other restaurants are there?
There is a nice restaurant in San Francisco called Chaat Corner.
I want to make a reservation there.
What time do you want to go?
I want the reservation at half past 7 in the evening.
Please confirm you want a reservation for 2 people at Chaat Corner in San Francisco today at 7:30 pm.
No, I actually want to go on March 14th.
Please confirm you want the reservation in San Francisco on March 14th.
Actually, we are going as a group of three.
Please confirm you want a reservation for 3 people on March 14th.
That is correct.
The reservation is successful.
Thank you!
May I further assist you?
No, that will be all.
See you soon!
I am looking for a place to grab a bite to eat.
What do you think you're hungry for?
I'm looking for Mediterranean in Redwood City.
There is only 1 restaurant I could find in Redwood City, name Rocknwraps And Kabobs.
Do they have alcoholic drinks?
This restaurant doesn't serve liquor.
Ok, I will go with that restaurant.
Would you like me to reserve a table there for you?
Yes, can you please make a reservation for 17:30?
Ok, to confirm; you would like to eat at Rocknwraps And Kabobs in Redwood City at 5:30 pm today. I should make that reservation for 2 people?
Yes, that is correct.
I have made your reservation.
Thank you for helping me.
I hope your day is good.
I am wondering if you find me a good dining to have my food.
Which category are you looking for - Thai, Chinese, Mexican, Italian, American ..? Where you wish to find a place?
I would love to have some kind of American food. Fairfield would be suitable to me.
Give me a moment ... There is a top-rated American restaurant in Fairfield and the restaurant name is Chuck E. Cheese's. Would you prefer this one?
Do they have bar? I would prefer one which serves alcohol too. Please can you find me some restaurant offering alcohol in addition to serving American food.
Yup! Here, you go!!! Red Lobster, an American casual dining restaurant is nice one located in Fairfield. Do you like to have your food here?
Might be.... If you don't mind, still do you have suggestions for any other restaurant?
Fortunately I can find one more for you. Texas Roadhouse, an American restaurant specializing in steaks is a very nice restaurant located in Fairfield.
Is it a costlier restaurant or a cheaper one? What's their prices? What's the street address of the restaurant?
Nope, they are in mid-range. Their prices are moderate. They are located in 3333 North Texas Street.
Awesome... I would like to have my food there. Please can I make a reservation for the table at the restaurant?
Why not? Sure. I can help you on that. At what time you wish to reserve the table?
Please reserve in the morning at 11:15 am.
Please confirm me that you are booking a table at Texas Roadhouse located in Fairfield for 2 people today at 11:15 am. Is that right?
Nope, please book it on 13th of this month.
Sure, I can do that. So, your booking would be at Texas Roadhouse on March 13th, right?
Yup! That's works. Do you have phone number to reach out?
Yup! You can reach them at 707-422-7623 and your reservation is successful.
Thank you so much.
Do you need any other assistance?
Nope, thanks a lot.
Have a wonderful day.
I am looking for somewhere to eat.
Which should city should I search?
I want a economical place that serves alcohol in Oakland.
What kind of food are you looking for? Italian, American, what?
Gastrobar food will be perfect.
I found 1 Umami Burger Oakland restaurant in Oakland.
Do you know if they have live music? If so, where?
They don't have live music on 2100 Franklin Street.
Ok, that works for me!
Do you want to reserve a table?
Sure! I want to make a reservation for the 11th of March.
What time do you want to make the reservation?
Make it for 6 o\"clock in the evening, for two people.
A table at Umami Burger Oakland, in Oakland, at 6 pm, on March 11th, for 2 people.
Great, works for me! What is their number?
Reservation reserved, their number is 510-899-8626.
Thanks so much, that's all I needed!
Have a good day!
I would like to find a restaurant in Oakland
Do you have a specific type of cuisine in mind? Feel free to choose American, Mexican, or any other cuisine.
Fish would be great
There is a restaurant called Alamar Kitchen & Bar in Oakland that meets your preferences
Can you tell me if the prices are inexpensive?
The prices are moderate
And is alcohol available there? May I also have their phone number?
They do not provide alcohol. The phone number is 510-907-7555
Excellent, that's perfect.
Should I make a reservation for you at this restaurant?
Yes please. I would like to reserve a table.
When would you like the reservation to begin?
I would like it for 6:15 pm
So to confirm, you would like a 6:15 pm reservation for 2 today at Alamar Kitchen & Bar in Oakland.
Yes, that sounds great. Can you tell me if there is live music at the venue?
Your reservation was not successful. Would you like assistance with anything further?
I would like to attempt a reservation for evening 5:30.
To confirm, you would like a reservation for 2 for 5:30 pm today at Alamar Kitchen & Bar in Oakland
Sure, that's perfect. May I also have the exact address for the venue?
The reservation has been successfully confirmed. The restaurant is located at 100 Grand Avenue #111
Great, thanks for your help.
Is there anything additional that I can assist you with?
No, all set. Thanks again
Have a nice day.
Can you find me a restaurant?
Of course. What city? Any type of cuisine you're interested in?
Look in Santa Clara. Any Southern restaurants?
I found 4 matches. There's Bennigan's in Santa Clara.
Oh I've been meaning to try that
Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes, book it
What time?
Do they have room for two at 18:45?
Please confirm: a table for 2 at Bennigan's in Santa Clara at 6:45 pm today
No. Let's try 11:30 am on the 8th instead
Please confirm: 11:30 am next Friday?
Yes that's right. Where are they? Any chance they have live music?
Your reservation has been confirmed. Find them at 4150 Great America Parkway. Sadly, there's no live music.
Thanks.
Anything else I can do to hope.
Nope not now
Take care
I am looking for a place to eat.
Would you prefer a certain city?
I want in Burlingame.
Are you looking for Mexican, Indian or anything else?
Some Barbecue will be prefect.
Sure. I found 4 restaurants. In Burlingame 37 North is a nice.
Do they serve liquor? How pricey are they?
The price range is moderate but they don't serve alcohol.
Yes that sounds good. Make a reservation for me.
What time is the reservation for?
Make it at 1:15 pm
Please confirm. Booking a table in Burlingame 37 North restaurant today at 1:15 pm for 2 people.
Do they have live music? What is the contact number?
Sorry, I was unable to make reservation. The phone number is 650-373-2237 and they don't have live music. Shall i book a table in Burlingame 37 North restaurant today at 1:30 pm for 2 people?
No. That doesn't work for me
Can i help you with anything else?
No. Thanks a lot
Have a great day
Will you find me a place to eat?
Which city? What kind of food?
Italian food in Pleasanton.
I found De La Torre's Trattoria in Pleasanton.
Anything else?
Forno Vecchio in Pleasanton.
What's the address and contact number?
680 Main Street. 925-425-0099.
Any other suggestions? Something affordable?
Gay 90's Pizza Co. in Pleasanton.
Great.
Do you want to reserve a table?
Yes, please, on 10th of this month.
What time?
Afternoon 1:15.
Please confirm table at Gay 90's Pizza Co. for 2 in Pleasanton at 1:15 pm on March 10th.
Sounds good. What's the address?
I've made the reservation. It's located at 288 Main Street.
Thanks.
Anything else?
No, that's it. Thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a place to eat
Which city are you located in, and what kind of food would you like to eat?
I'd like some Taiwanese food in SFO
There is a nice restaurant named Alice's in San Francisco
Can you suggest some more restaurants, I no preference on price.
I've found 9 restaurants in San Francisco, Bamboo restaurant is a nice one.
Does that restaurant server liquor?
yes, they serve alcohol.
May I have their contact number and address?
Sure, their phone number is 415-775-3679. They are located at 1441 Polk Street.
Can you suggest other restaurants?
Bei Fang Style is another nice restaurant in San Francisco
That one would be great!
Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes I'd like to make a reservation.
What time would you like to make a reservation for?
I'd like a reservation for three people at Half past 1 in the afternoon.
Please confirm if the following is correct: reservation at Bei Fang Style in San Francisco for 3, today at 1:30 pm.
Yeah that sounds great.
Your reservation has been successfully placed.
Thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thats all thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
I'd like to find a place to eat in Oakland.
What kind of food would you like to eat?
I would love to eat some African food.
I have found 2 different options. Cafe Eritrea D'afrique is a great choice in Oakland.
Could you give another suggestion? I would love a place with live music.
I have found 1 place called Miliki Restaurant in Oakland.
Where are they located? And do they serve liquor?
They do serve alcohol, and are located at 3725 MacArthur Boulevard.
That works for me. I'd like to make a reservation on the 12th.
At what time would you like me to schedule the reservation?
Please schedule it at 11:15 in the morning.
Please confirm the following: You want a table at Miliki Restaurant in Oakland at 11:15 am for 2 people on March 12th.
That would be great.
I'm sorry, I couldn't make the reservation. Is there anything else I could help you with?
I want to try booking again, but this time on the 3rd of this month.
Please confirm the following: You want a table for 2 people at Miliki Restaurant in Oakland at 11:15 am on the day after tomorrow.
Never mind, make it for 12:30.
Please confirm the following: You want a reservation at 12:30 pm for 2 people.
Yup, that would be great. Are the prices above average?
I was able to reserve you a table. Their prices are in the moderate range.
Thanks so much. That'll be all for today.
Have a great day!
I need somewhere to have dinner, can you find me a reasonably priced place to eat?
Sure, what kind of food do you want?
I want something to-go.
Okay sure, what city are we searching in?
I'm in Walnut Creek at the moment, please search there.
Okay, I found 3 restaurants in Walnut Creek. How about Panera Bread?
Do they have live music? Where can I find them?
They're at 1140 Locust Street and they do have live music.
Okay, that sounds great.
Would you like to book a table?
Yes thanks, please do it.
What time would you like to go?
6 o\"clock in the evening thanks.
Okay sure, please confirm that you want a table for 2 at Panera Bread in Walnut Creek from 6 pm today.
Yes that's perfect, thanks.
Okay, your booking is complete.
Thanks a lot homie.
No worries, is there anything else?
No, nothing at all.
Great, see you then.
I want something not very costly priced
what city do I need to look in?
I need it in San Mateo
are you looking for Indian, Italian or anything?
A Diner kind of food will be good
Central Park Bistro is a good place in San Mateo
what is the address?
The address is 181 East 4th Avenue
Yes that is good and I want a reservation at a restaurant
what time is the reservation for?
I want it at 5:45 in the evening
Book a table at Central Park Bistro in San Mateo for 5:45 pm for 2 people today.
yes that is good
Central Park Bistro works and that will be for 2 people today at 6 pm
No that is all
Have a great one
I would like to go to a restaurant.
What type of food and in which city?
I want some Indian food, preferable curry. Is there any place in Newark.
There are 4 places available. Biryani Pot in Newark has an excellent cuisine.
That would be fine. I would like you a reservation.
For what time?
I prefer 7:30 in the evening.
I would like to confirm the following: you would like to reserve a table for 2 persons for today at 7:30 pm at the Biryani Pot in Newark.
That sounds like a good plan.
I have made the reservation.
Great. You have been helpful. I do not need anything else.
Enjoy your day.
I'm looking for somewhere to eat.
Which city should I search in? What kind of food are you looking for? You can say Italian, Mexican, or anything else.
Somewhere to eat in San Bruno. Some Latin American food is what I'm looking for.
Celia's Mexican Restaurant is a nice restaurant located in San Bruno.
Any other suggestions? Specifically places that serve alcohol.
I found 1 restaurants. Chili's Grill & Bar is a nice restaurant located in San Bruno.
That's good.
Would you like to reserve a table here?
Yes I would. Next Friday for six people.
What time is the reservation for?
I want it on the 9th at 5:30 in the evening.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table at Chili's Grill & Bar. The city is San Bruno. The reservation is at 5:30 pm. The date is March 9th. The reservation is for 6 people.
Change the time to 6:30 in the evening.
Please confirm the following details: The city is San Bruno. The reservation is at 6:30 pm.
Yes that's right. Is the restaurant low priced with live music?
Sorry, I was unable to make a reservation. Can I help you with anything else?
I want to make a reservation for 2 people.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table at Chili's Grill & Bar. The city is San Bruno. The reservation is at 6:30 pm. The date is March 9th. The reservation is for 2 people.
Yes that's good.
Your reservation is successful.
Thank you, that's all I need.
Have a good day.
I am looking for a not very costly place to get a bite to eat and an alcoholic drink.
Would you prefer Mexican, Chinese, or something else?
Thai food would be great.
In what city would you like to dine?
I want Oriental food in Berkeley.
Mount Everest Restaurant in Berkeley is the number 1 hit.
I would like a reservation for 1.
What time should the reservation be?
I want a reservation on the 13th at 12:30.
I have one reservation at Mount Everest Restaurant in Berkeley on March 13th at 12:30 pm for 1 person. Is that correct?
Yes that is correct.
Your reservation was accepted.
Will there be live music?
Live music not an option at Mount Everest Restaurant.
What's the number and address?
The address is 2598 Telegraph Avenue and the phone number is 510-843-3951.
Thanks! I appreciate at it!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks, I'm good.
Have a nice day.
Hey, can you help me find a place to eat?
Sure, where abouts?
I want to eat in SF.
What type of food do you fancy? Chinese, Indian?
I'm feeling some Szcheuan.
Okay, I've found 10 restaurants that could be good. How does Alice's in San Francisco sound?
Sounds good. What's their number and address?
Their number is 415-282-8999. The address is 1599 Sanchez Street.
That's great, thanks.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. On the 1st of this month.
And for what time?
For around 11:45.
Sure thing, please confirm: reservation for 2 people at Alice's in San Francisco at 11:45 am today.
Yes that's good. Are they expensive? Is there live music?
I'm sorry, I was unable to make a reservation at that time. Shall I try for a reservation at Alice's for 2 people today at 12 pm? Their pricing is inexpensive and they do not have live music.
Yes, that's good.
The reservation has been made.
Thanks a lot. That's everything.
Have a great day.
I need somewhere to get a bite to eat, can you hook me up?
Sure, where are we looking? What kind of food do you like?
I want some ramen, I'm really craving it. Can you find me an afforadable place in Morgan Hill?
Hanami Sushi does ramen in Morgan Hill. Is that okay?
Nah, I'd rather somewhere else. Do you have another one?
Sushi Nara is another place that does ramen in Morgan Hill.
Yeah, that'll be good for me.
Great, do you want a table?
Yes, please book a table for two.
What time would you like to eat?
I'd like the table for afternoon 12:30 thanks.
Please confirm that you'd like to book a table for 2 at Sushi Nara in Morgan Hill from 12:30 pm today.
No actually, I want it for three people on the 12th instead.
Okay sure, please confirm that you'd like a table for 3 on March 12th.
Yeah that's perfect. Do they serve alcohol? Do they have live music?
They don't do either, unfortunately. Your table has been booked.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else?
No thanks, that's all.
Okay, see you.
i want to eat at a place in mountain view preferably one that serves alcohol.
what type of food do you want? indian, chinese ?
something cafe like, i want some reasonably priced food.
i found 2 restraunts, Bajis cafe is a restraunt located in mountain view
yes that works, place reservation next wednesday
at what time?
1 pm
Please confirm: A table at bajis cafe in mountain view at 1 pm on next wednesday for 2 people ?
no make it 19:00 on march 9th
Confirm: Reservation at 7 pm march 9th
yes that works for me. is there live music? what is their number?
Reservation succeful. Yes, live music included. Their phone number is 650-967-7477
thank you, that will be it.
no problem, have a great day.
I'm looking for a restaurant to go to. I'd prefer a place that specializes in fish.
What city should I search in?
The location is Fremont, please.
I found 4 restaurants in Fremont. Aniki's Sushi is a nice one.
What is their address and contact number?
Their phone number is 510-797-3474 and their address is 3810 Mowry Avenue.
That sounds good. I need a reservation made there for one person.
What time would you like the reservation for?
12:30 would be good, please.
Please confirm that you'd like a table for 1 today at 12:30 pm at Aniki's Sushi in Fremont.
No. Actually I need it for three people on the 14th of March.
Please confirm that you need the reservation for 3 people on March 14th.
No. Can you change it to 1 pm on the 9th?
Please confirm that you want the reservation for 1 pm on March 9th.
Yes. Can you tell me if the restaurant is costly and do they offer live music?
Their price range is moderate and they do not have live music. Your reservation has successfully been made.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I'm all set. Thank you.
Have a good day.
I would like to find somewhere to eat, preferably Asian food.
In which city should I search?
Please search in San Mateo, price is not an issue.
I have found a restaurant in San Mateo called Izakaya Ginji.
Do they have a liquor license and also do they have any live music?
They do serve alcohol, they do not have live music
That sounds perfect for me.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I would like a reservation made for 1:30 pm. for 1 person please.
Can you confirm the following details: Reservation at Izakaya Ginji in San Mateo, for 1:30 pm today for 1 person.
Yes that is correct, do you have their phone number?
I have made your reservation their phone number is 925-408-4891
Thank you.
Is their anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all, thank you.
Have a nice day.
I would like to find a place to eat.
In which city should I search?
I want to find one in South San Francisco.
What kind of food are you looking for? You can search for Italian, Mexican or anything else.
Sushi would be perfect.
There are 3 restaurants. Amami San is a restaurant in South San Francisco.
Can you find another restaurant? I am looking for some thing with afforadable prices in San Mateo.
I have found 7 restaurants. Daiki Sushi is a restaurant located in San Mateo.
Do you have any other sugggestions?
Dash Japanese Tapas And Sushi is a restaurant located in San Mateo.
Yes, that restaurant works for me. I would like to make a reservation for 2 people.
What time would you like a reservation at?
Place a reservation for 12:15.
Please confirm: You would like to book a table for 2 at Dash Japanese Tapas And Sushi in San Mateo at 12:15 pm today.
No it is for 1 person at 10:45.
Please confirm: The reservation is for 1 person at 10:45 am.
Yes, that sounds good.
Sorry, I was unable to place a reservation at Dash Japanese Tapas And Sushi. Should I try one for 1 person today at 11 am?
No. That was all I needed.
Have a good day.
I am in SFO for business and looking for a place to eat.
Are you looking for Mexican or Italian food?
Are there any Pakistani places?
There are 4 restaurants that serve Pakistani cuisine in San Francisco. Aslam's Rasoi is a nice restaurant.
Sounds good, what is their address and do they have live music?
Their address is 1037 Valencia Street, but they do not have live music.
ok, I guess that would work for me. I'd like to make a reservation, please.
For what time?
March 14th at 17:30, please.
Ok, I am booking a table at Aslam's Rasoi in San Francisco on March 14th at 5:30 pm for 2 people. Is that correct?
Please make the reservation for three people.
Ok, I changed your reservation at Aslam's Rasoi in San Francisco to 3 people. Is that correct?
Thank you, that's perfect. Do they serve liquor?
I have successfully placed your reservation, no, they do not serve alcohol.
What is their phone number?
The phone number for Aslam's Rasoi in San Francisco is 415-695-0599.
Thank you very much for the help. That is all I need.
You are welcome, have a good day.
I need somewhere to take a friend out for dinner. I would prefer if it was To-go
What city will this be in?
I'd like it to be in San Jose
I found 4 restaurants in the San Jose area. I would recommend 4th St Pizza Co
Is there anywhere else? I will be drinking so I'd prefer a place that serves alcohol
I would recommend a nice restaurant in San Jose called Mimi's Cafe
Does the restaurant have live music?
There is no live music, sorry
That's perfect! I need to book a reservation for 5 people on the 7th of March.
What time would you like me to book the reservation for?
Book it for four people at 6 pm
Is this correct? I'm booking a table for 4 people at Mimi's Cafe in San Jose at 6 pm for next Thursday.
No, I actually want it on the 12th of this month at twelve pm.
Is this correct? The reservation is on March 12th at 12 pm.
Yes that's great
Your reservation has been booked
Thanks so much!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's everything, thank you.
Have a great day.
I want to go out to eat, looking for Parisian food.
Where would you like me to look?
In San Francisco.
I found 10 possible restaurants. One is Amelie San Francisco, in San Francisco.
Yes, that would work. Can you go ahead and make a reservation?
What time would you like the reservation for?
How about quarter past 11 in the morning.
Please confirm the following: You want a table for 2 at 11:15 am today at Amelie San Francisco in San Francisco.
Yes, that's it.
Sorry, I was unable to complete your reservation. Is there anything else I can assist with?
Try booking again, but at evening 6.
Please confirm the following: You want a table for 2 at 6 pm today at Amelie San Francisco in San Francisco.
Yes, that's it. Do they serve alcohol?
Your reservation was successfully completed. Yes, they serve liquor.
Thanks for the help.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope, that's all thanks.
Enjoy your day!
Hi. I'd like to find a place to eat.
Fantastic! What kind of food would you like to eat: Indian, Italian, etc.? Also, what city would you like to eat in?
I'd like the restaurant to be in Pleasanton. I'm in the mood for some Taiwanese food.
Great! Andy & Yu's is a great restaurant in Pleasanton. Does that interest you at all?
That's pretty expensive. I'm looking for a restaurant that's not very costly.
No problem. China Lounge Restaurant & Bar in Pleasanton is a great place. Does that interest you at all?
I went there once and it sucked. Is there anything else?
There is! I recommend Hunan Chef Chinese Restaurant in Pleasanton. Does that interest you at all?
Do they serve liquor?
Unfortunately, they do not serve alcohol.
What's their address?
Their address is 4285 Valley Avenue.
All right, I'm willing to try them.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please.
All right. What time would you like me to make the reservation for?
12 in the afternoon.
Perfect. Can you confirm the following details, please? You have a table for 2 people at Hunan Chef Chinese Restaurant in Pleasanton at 12 pm today.
No, it's for one person on the 6th.
Okay, no problem. Can you confirm the following details, please? Your reservation is for 1 person next Wednesday.
Oh, darn. My friends want dinner with me. Can we make it three people at 5:15 pm?
Yes, that's no problem. Can you confirm the following details, please? Your reservation is for 3 people at 5:15 pm.
Yes, great! What's their phone number? Also, do they play live music?
Unfortunately, I was unable to make the reservation. Can I help you with anything else?
Wow, what a waste. No, that'll be all.
Have a good day!
Can you find me a place to eat?
Do you have any type of food in mind?
I'd love some Izakaya type food.
Which city should I search in?
I'd like something in a moderate price range. How about Gastrobar type food, in St. Helena.
St. Helena has a nice restaurant called Cook Tavern & Pizzeria.
Do you have an address for the restaurant?
Their street address is 1304 Main Street.
That would work for me.
Would you like to make a reservation there?
Yes, make the reservation.
What time would you like the resevation?
Half past 12 in the afternoon would be good.
Please confirm that you would like to book a table for 2 people at the Cook Tavern & Pizzeria, in St. Helena, at 12:30 pm today.
No, make it for 4 people, at 17:00.
Please confirm that the reservation is for 4 people at 5 pm.
No. I want the reservation on the 12th of March, for 6 people.
Please confirm the reservation is for 6 people, on March 12th.
Yes. That is what I want.
I'm sorry, I was unable to make a reservation. Can I help you with anything else?
No. Thank you.
Have a nice day.
I'll be out of town for a business conference and am looking for a place to eat while I'm there.
What city are you in? Would you like American, Italian, or some other kind of food?
I'd like to find a Burger in San Francisco.
I found about 10 restaurants in San Francisco. What about 1760?
Do they serve liquor? What's the address?
Their address is 1760 Polk Street, and they do not serve alcohol.
That works.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, make it for Tuesday next week at evening 5.
Please confirm: reservation for 2 people next Tuesday at 5 pm at 1760 restaurant in San Francisco.
That works.
Your reservation has been made.
Thanks, that's all I needed.
Have a good day.
Can you find me somewhere to eat in Dublin?
Do you have a preference for the type of food?
Chinese food and not very costly, please.
Here are 7 options, one of which is China Paradise Restaurant in Dublin.
Where is it located?
At 4580 Dublin Boulevard.
Do bands play there?
No, bands don't play there.
That sounds good.
Do you want a reservation?
Yes, on the 7th for four people.
At what time?
Please reserve the table for 14:00.
I am making a reservation for 4 at China Paradise Restaurant in Dublin next Thursday at 2 pm. Is that correct?
Yes, that is perfect.
I couldn't make a reservation. Do you need anything else?
Can you make a restaurant reservation for 2 people?
I am making a reservation for 2 people at China Paradise Restaurant in Dublin next Thursday at 2 pm. Is that correct?
Yes. What is the phone number? Can I buy alcohol there?
I couldn't make a reservation. Do you need anything else?
Can you make a reservation at a restaurant for March 9th?
I am making a reservation for 2 people at China Paradise Restaurant in Dublin on March 9th at 2 pm. Is that correct?
Can you change it to afternoon 1:45?
I am making a reservation for 2 people at China Paradise Restaurant in Dublin on March 9th at 1:45 pm. Is that correct?
Yes that isperfect.
The reservation has been made.
Thank you, I'm done.
Enjoy your day.
I am planning to eat in some nice place outside, can you help me to search for one place that suits me?
Can you say which type of food that you liked most like Italian, chinese or anything else that you preferred to eat? Also let me know in which city do I search for you?
Ya, I prefer Asian food which I am always dreaming to eat and please search for me in Pleasant Hill.
China Chef Restaurant is best for Asian foods which is located in Pleasant Hill, can you confirm whether this is convenient to you?
Let me know the phone number and address of that restaurant, so that I can confirm.
Phone number is 925-288-0999 and the address is 1200 Contra Costa Boulevard # K.
Yes, that is fine, please make me a reservation on Tuesday next week.
at what time?
18:45 will be fine.
Please confirm: Booking a table for 2 persons at China Chef Restaurant located in Pleasant Hill at 6:45 pm on next Tuesday.
yes, confirmed. Please check whether they offer any live music and also get the price details.
Sorry, I can't reserve at that time, can I book at 6:30 pm on next Tuesday for the same 2 people in China Chef Restaurant. The price is inexpensive, and they do not offer live music.
No, not necessary. thanks. That's all.
Have a great day.
